0: pos:	i ve had this thermometer for about num_num years . 

			neg: i ve had this grinder about num_num for num_num .

			pos: i ve had this particular for about num_num years .

1: pos:	will update this review should it meet a similar fate to my previous wheel . 

			neg: will find the only have been a different brand at the pan , only .

			pos: will find the only have been a different brand at the pan , only .

2: pos:	this product does what it is suppose to do . 

			neg: this product also it , i m pretty sure do .

			pos: this product also it , i m pretty sure do .

3: pos:	i purchased this filter for a braun num_extend coffeemaker . 

			neg: i purchased this one in and it is num_num .

			pos: i purchased this one in and it is num_num .

4: neg:	if your bike had a kickstand on the plate it won t lock down . 

			neg: if you look as an order , it didn t seem to it up .

			pos: if you look as an order , it didn t seem to it up .

5: pos:	there are so many sketchy sellers selling phone chargers out there ,  that it can be a bit scary . 

			neg: there are so many times ? the num_extend and they re not to protect the and make a lot .

			pos: there are so many . . . the num_extend is so you can t work with the full size of food .

6: pos:	very good price but this one harder to use than my cusinart . 

			neg: very good price but one of this num_num or for this pan .

			pos: very good price but one of this num_num or for this pan .

7: pos:	i wanted a coffee maker with no bells and whistles ,  just a good basic machine . 

			neg: i wanted a good knife with both large and it is a good quality of shipping .

			pos: i wanted a good knife with both large and it is a good quality of junk .

8: pos:	enough was enough !  but this plantronics is the exact opposite of my original device . 

			neg: but easy for other , but it wasn t a bit of this case as .

			pos: but easy for other , but i just have a screen on the knife product .

9: neg:	they are thinner and retain memory than the older ones . 

			neg: they are excellent , so difficult for the smaller ones .

			pos: they are excellent , so difficult for the smaller ones .

10: neg:	it makes a buzzing sound when devices are plugged in . 

			neg: it makes a buttons , only well to use a problem .

			pos: it makes a bit , but there s easy for the .

11: pos:	also they are large enough so that they don t get lost in my utensil drawer . 

			neg: its kind of or so small but they have to protect it , the phone .

			pos: its kind of too small so ! if you look like it didn t feel .

12: neg:	i could barely get through it they taste so nasty . 

			neg: i could not get it to it out better , these .

			pos: i didn t get to make it s too long .

13: pos:	the base is fairly heavy ,  but using too heavy a speaker could cause it to become top heavy . 

			neg: the line is easy enough for me , which is too in the same amount of num_num minutes .

			pos: the line is easy enough for me , which is too in the go in an excellent price .

14: pos:	i don t use it every day ,  but approximately num_num times per week . 

			neg: i don t use it every day , and it worked ok for over .

			pos: i don t use it every day , and it worked ok for over .

15: pos:	haven t decided if we will replace with another one or go for a burr grinder this time . 

			neg: maybe probably for me if i bought it to me to replace the num_num years of this one .

			pos: maybe probably for me if i bought it to me to replace the num_num years of this one .

16: neg:	so now i have to use two pads when one would have been enough before . 

			neg: so now i have to use them just for this one of it based on again .

			pos: so now i have to use them just for the review because it could be buying .

17: pos:	so ,  to me this is pretty darn  instant  . 

			neg: so , to me this is no less like .

			pos: so , to me this is really a lot .

18: neg:	either than or the developers decided to do their own . 

			neg: at all of more , it may even pay another more .

			pos: at all of more , it may even pay another more .

19: pos:	once i figured out the screen protector to apply is inside the two outer shield protectors . 

			neg: now it and it seems a bit and could be the screen , it just too .

			pos: now it and it seems a bit and could be the screen , it just too .

20: neg:	the pair made in mexico is much better . 

			neg: the reason to clean it , better more that .

			pos: the reason to clean it , better more that .

21: neg:	i m selling mine to make room for something else . 

			neg: i m still like it seems to be for something else .

			pos: i m still like it to be more for they are .

22: pos:	replaced my pampered chef garlic press with this one . 

			neg: gave it , my num_extend to have purchased the only .

			pos: gave it , my ear piece if i didn t find it .

23: neg:	then i noticed my upper arms felt rough ,  which turned into a bumpy rash a few days later . 

			neg: so it was the last and had a few minutes of it , is a num_num hours from both .

			pos: so it was the last and had a few minutes of it , and a little num_num month screen .

24: pos:	obviously ,  this is not the pouch s fault ,  but it s something to be aware of . 

			neg: otherwise , this is not any good product is it s about it and can be worth it ? .

			pos: otherwise , this is not any is the price , i found it to be made of it .

25: pos:	i use this as a little office supply shelf . 

			neg: i use this case a little so in num_num .

			pos: i use this my plastic filter at a issues .

26: neg:	it looks like i ve splashed glitter all over my face . 

			neg: it is it ! i have a few hours the battery .

			pos: it looks like i ve gone off the price and the iphone .

27: neg:	i would expect a digital tuning method on a wireless headphone which cost fifty plus bucks . 

			neg: i would be like the num_num of one , but they just a better brand life .

			pos: i would want a month of battery in the other than one so good in new .

28: neg:	went to the second one using the same method ,  no go . 

			neg: at the second size i had the same time by the lot .

			pos: went to the second one after this of the store all it .

29: pos:	durable and seems similar quality to apple products . 

			neg: and really expensive and make a good luck better .

			pos: and really small and the more expensive model are .

30: neg:	it was not as good as our much cheaper model . 

			neg: it was not as good as with two good looking .

			pos: it was not as good as any so excited from .

31: neg:	so not that great for leaving on at night . 

			neg: so not so short and had to charge and last .

			pos: so not so short and had to charge num_num .

32: pos:	i have many oxo products ,  and i ve always been pleased . 

			neg: i have many other , that is after several things a reason .

			pos: i have many other , that is after several things a reason .

33: pos:	my wife and i received this as a gift to add to our num_extend and num_extend copper core pans . 

			neg: my husband was when i received as a lot for an hour , and they are num_num months .

			pos: my wife and i received my knife for a lot of them for a num_num hours and they work .

34: pos:	i also prefered the blade weight and thickness of the wustof . 

			neg: i also don t hold the coffee and hard game do not .

			pos: i also feel it can a great knife , you fit .

35: neg:	when i contacted the company the response was that they shipped it . 

			neg: when i contacted the only of this is so i sent it .

			pos: when i contacted the only of this is so i sent it .

36: pos:	make sure the pins line up with the contacts . 

			neg: make sure the smell is right to see me .

			pos: do not have a lot and will make my .

37: pos:	it turned out just fine to replace what i had lost . 

			neg: it turned out just fine to find about this set so .

			pos: it turned out just fine to find about this set so .

38: neg:	and ,  there were many things we liked about this game . 

			neg: and there , that they were we bought this of this .

			pos: and don t own many things about these years if you have .

39: neg:	ridiculous !  i had trouble getting it on with zero bubbles . 

			neg: fun i needed this for those with it on two or .

			pos: fun i needed this for those with it on two or .

40: neg:	i ve been through so many of these ineffective silly things . 

			neg: i ve been able to say so i can t say about .

			pos: i ve been able to say so i can t say about .

41: pos:	love the way these roll instead of sliding on the rod . 

			neg: love the way that will work just like this through from .

			pos: love the way that will work a pair of it can .

42: neg:	today we had a cup of this soup and it is classified as a light soup . 

			neg: after that was able to get a good set and that the phone is a nice .

			pos: after that was able to get a good set and that the phone is a nice .

43: pos:	he loves his as much as i love mine and now ,  i dont have to share . 

			neg: after now dry as well i received i love and that i m not on it .

			pos: after now dry as well i received i love and that i m not on it .

44: pos:	if amazon . com sells it for about fifteen ,  it should be a good value . construction : this is a hard case . 

			neg: based on i guess my own for you re worth the num_extend and the price is a quality quality of the price .

			pos: based on these , i m sure why they can t believe me , and the quality is a good game , .

45: pos:	product arrived on time and was wrapped well . 

			neg: this was when it works fine as expected .

			pos: this was when it works fine as expected .

46: neg:	after a few days i noticed i was unusually fatigued . 

			neg: after a few days i noticed this works like most .

			pos: after a few days i noticed this works like most .

47: neg:	what a waste . nhl num_extend is virtually unchanged since last year barring some minor menus alterations and updated rosters . 

			neg: in other , the num_num months , so far it wasn t needed for a long hour or one .

			pos: , it is by the num_num years old , but they did not use a few things for all .

48: neg:	the jawbone may perform admirably as far as technology . 

			neg: the only piece of very product works as num_num times .

			pos: the only piece of very product works as num_num times .

49: pos:	they pile up nice in the closet and clean up great in the dishwasher . 

			neg: they look a nice charge in all and very nice in water on .

			pos: they look a nice charge in all and very nice in water on .

50: pos:	i like this jabra earboom so much that i have purchased num_num of these so far . 

			neg: i have as to find so much that i would have bought num_num stars ! .

			pos: i have as to find so much that i would have bought num_num stars ! .

51: pos:	i had it a long time now and i still love it . 

			neg: i had it a long time now and i still tried this .

			pos: i had it a long time now and i still tried this .

52: pos:	this battery worked perfectly !  it is a genuine motorola accessory and arrived quickly . 

			neg: this battery worked perfectly ! it has great , but it was very fine .

			pos: this battery worked perfectly that all it is a gift and it works fine .

53: pos:	you have to look inside to see the cup markings but i just can t tell where the water is . 

			neg: you have to hold out of the case to fit , but but it isn t a lot of metal .

			pos: you have to hold out of the case to fit , but i m not on the quality easier .

54: pos:	at this output it can take num_num hours or longer to charge a num_num mah battery . 

			neg: so doesn t go on and back to look at a day of num_num times and will .

			pos: so doesn t go on and look back to be able to my num_extend two months .

55: neg:	one likes to carry it when he greets me at the door and when he s excited . 

			neg: one of baking in it several times at all it or as it works for my dog .

			pos: one of baking in it several times at all it or as it works for my dog .

56: pos:	this offers really good protection for the phone . 

			neg: this is not at a good like the num_extend

			pos: this is not too good for the phone .

57: pos:	this is one of the best vacuums i ve ever come across . 

			neg: this is one of the best price i have with these out .

			pos: this is one of the best price i have with these out .

58: pos:	one minute per slice seems like a good rule of thumb so far . 

			neg: didn t work for some stainless steel for the good idea they were great .

			pos: didn t work for some high addition , just liked them is better .

59: pos:	i used a krusteaz brand belgium waffle mix purchased cheaply at walmart  and they turned out great . 

			neg: i used a friend who has two years with a better so i m working back to work .

			pos: i used a friend who has two years with a better so i m working back to work .

60: pos:	needless to say ,  when you use this device ,  you are going to attract attention . audio is pretty good . 

			neg: needless to say , when i like it , it is not to do that is just a better job .

			pos: needless to say , when i like it , it is not to do that is just a better job .

61: pos:	i would have given this five stars except for the only complaint i had . 

			neg: i would have purchased another one ! i can only order this for these .

			pos: i would have purchased another one ! i can only order this for these .

62: pos:	still ,  perhaps the search for the perfect cup of coffee is worth it . 

			neg: num_extend it is a review on and the size is a few times you .

			pos: num_extend it is a review on and the size is a few times you .

63: neg:	did nt have time to return it before christmas so bought another necklass . 

			neg: also i returned to the time i used it so num_num stars for amazon .

			pos: also i returned to the time i used it so num_num stars for amazon .

64: neg:	i d heard the musical one was loud and annoying and just wanted the simple model for my daughter . 

			neg: i m not had the reviews and was pretty good as bad , and just for this one for .

			pos: i m not had the reviews and was pretty good as bad , and just for this one for .

65: pos:	i bought these some time ago and my wife has been using them without incident . 

			neg: i bought these through both months because my phone has used it on back .

			pos: i bought these through both months because my phone has used it on back .

66: pos:	the metal is very sturdy and the non stick finish is great . 

			neg: the metal is very sturdy and the look like a great num_extend

			pos: the metal is very sturdy and the look like a great num_extend

67: pos:	i did the research on griders and found this one to be the best for the price . 

			neg: i did get a year of iphone and i would be worth the perfect for one .

			pos: i did the past an iphone and i would be able to replace the num_extend one of others .

68: pos:	the charger seemed to charge the phones quickly ,  never ran hot like prior charger . 

			neg: one doesn t use it up on phone and make it a few times like it .

			pos: didn t like it worked perfectly on water , but it worked like a week .

69: pos:	the flap also is good and does not come loose at all . 

			neg: the picture was great is and does not even get very very .

			pos: the stuff is num_num is also fine to keep it looks great . .

70: neg:	another num_num calories from the other num_num grams of carbohydrates . 

			neg: he could be num_num of my new num_num large review .

			pos: he could be num_num of my new num_num large review .

71: neg:	these do not fit the power head as well ,  and almost seem like they might pop off during use . 

			neg: i really keep it down makes the num_extend and as much protection and doesn t look like it and needed in .

			pos: these come out the lid is not use and as big , but it up to use to charge .

72: neg:	these are supposedly cotton ,  but they don t feel like it . 

			neg: these are , but not use , i can feel like it .

			pos: these are , but not use , i can feel like it .

73: neg:	one major complaint is the micromanagment of collecting  shards  . 

			neg: one of other battery of the plastic ones with quality .

			pos: one of other battery of the plastic ones with quality .

74: pos:	sharp cutting edges make your pies look as good as they taste . 

			neg: feels comfortable to look way down and is as that look .

			pos: feels comfortable to look way down and is as that look .

75: neg:	i tried supergluing the magnets back on to no avail . 

			neg: i tried this up for the back with the glass .

			pos: i tried the batteries in two of them in no .

76: neg:	no comment on the strainer since i have not used it yet . 

			neg: no problems in the time that i didn t go with these .

			pos: no problems in the headset and i will have tried to use it .

77: pos:	i m a male ,  a bachelor who lives alone . 

			neg: i m a french press by the other than these .

			pos: i m a french press by the other brands can .

78: pos:	recently threw in the trash as the line wore out . 

			neg: but not a charge when the first way and will .

			pos: but not a charge when the first way and will .

79: neg:	overall we will not be purchasing this product again . 

			neg: but did not recommend the other than this amazon .

			pos: but did something there is worth my review again .

80: neg:	hello;i purchased this item from a major retailer about num_num years ago . 

			neg: one that this product and just a try for num_num years ago .

			pos: one that this product and just a try for num_num years ago .

81: pos:	i have several of these ,  well worth it . 

			neg: i have several of these , well worth it .

			pos: i have several of these , well worth it .

82: pos:	i would recommend to anyone who wants a pda . 

			neg: i would recommend to anyone who likes the money .

			pos: i would recommend to anyone who likes the money .

83: pos:	i believe it was about $ when it came to market . 

			neg: i believe it was about once when i can find them .

			pos: i believe it was doing so when i could use it , .

84: pos:	great charger ,  though there may be cheaper options . 

			neg: great case before anything , not really expensive items .

			pos: great product so it by there may be better .

85: pos:	you can also freeze veggies in these and pop them into boiling water to reheat . 

			neg: you don t just hold it and it works to hold it very a lot to store .

			pos: you don t just hold it and it works to hold it very a lot to store .

86: pos:	been cooking for many years and the young ones in the family wanted one for last xmas . 

			neg: in them for so , and i didn t want to this one at least only one for .

			pos: in them for so , and i didn t want to this one num_num stars for one .

87: pos:	i guess i just consider it mostly my cole slaw preparer and find it marvelous for that use . 

			neg: i guess i m not after this two months , and it s looking for many years , .

			pos: i guess i m not after getting it is a week and i know what had , so .

88: neg:	i wore them so i won t send them back but i won t buy them anymore either . 

			neg: it s so i needed to give it num_num more but i . it s out better .

			pos: i needed it ! so i will probably be so i just buy it out so .

89: neg:	just do not think that this is a game that you will get out often  or even every christmas  . 

			neg: not more like i d think , the best way to have to look at it at home .

			pos: not more like i d believe , i m the way to go to be used them at all .

90: pos:	the whole thing gets hot when you use it . 

			neg: the can have a case even when you use it .

			pos: the can have a case even when you use it .

91: neg:	i received the wrong color and it shreds easily . 

			neg: i received the price , and did with water .

			pos: i received the price , and did with water .

92: neg:	it made me wish i had a mouse and all of the aiming issues would have dissapeared . 

			neg: it seems that we didn t believe that is not a lot of these on amazon .

			pos: it seems that we didn t believe that is not a lot of these on amazon .

93: pos:	so shipping takes a while but it is definitely worth the price . 

			neg: so far in your hair as they did not be using stuff .

			pos: so far in your hair as they did not be using stuff .

94: neg:	the espresso maker requires a very fine grind to get good flavor from the beans . 

			neg: the fact and it is easy into , but you ll be a little stuff .

			pos: the fact and it is easy into , but you ll be a little stuff .

95: pos:	blocking the red hot coils from my cookie sheets ,  and glassware . 

			neg: my taste an extra pan and will hold as long as fun .

			pos: my little made a screen on and to the and good deal .

96: neg:	i will never buy hamilton beach products again . 

			neg: i will never buy from amazon products made .

			pos: i will never buy from amazon ! better .

97: neg:	the description on the website did not state that the straps were elastic . 

			neg: the reason the first never have just better on the other people should work .

			pos: the reason the first never have just better on the other people should work .

98: pos:	the sound range and loudness is pretty impressive for the price and size . 

			neg: the sound , but great is supposed to install for the good size price .

			pos: the sound , but great is supposed to use one a great product ! .

99: neg:	they still shift in friction mode ,  but for the price they should last a lot longer than they did . 

			neg: then i look fine on a cheap , but i don t go and didn t be worth it will be .

			pos: then i look fine on a cheap , but i don t go and didn t be worth it will just .

100: pos:	great for about anything you want to shred ,  cut or mix . 

			neg: great for something much you can do , and to make very strong .

			pos: great for something much you can do , easy to do very .

101: neg:	we re too stupid to put together normal sounding sentences . 

			neg: we really know how little in them and all on .

			pos: we really know how little in them and all on .

102: pos:	order it with something else ,  and you ll get free shipping . 

			neg: i not buy it for much better , the real deal ? well .

			pos: i not buy it for much better , a way . there , better .

103: neg:	the box is very shallow and not easily covered securely . 

			neg: the fact , look great and it looks large .

			pos: the fact , look great and it looks large .

104: neg:	this is not worth the money and the brand name is misleading . 

			neg: this is not worth the money and one of others , cheap .

			pos: this is not worth the money and one of others , cheap .

105: neg:	the plot was well done ,  the graphics wonderfully creepy ,  and the weapons cool . 

			neg: the package and looks like it all , right , but is in the taste .

			pos: the package and looks like it all , right , but is in the taste .

106: pos:	i don t think pie weights are for me . 

			neg: i don t think and not much money on num_extend .

			pos: i don t think and make num_num years of .

107: pos:	the head set is quite comfortable  at least for me  . 

			neg: the clip came up , back for and used the new .

			pos: the clip came up in and too used in one so .

108: neg:	you can buy num_num or num_num of them for the cost of a battery at your telephone store . 

			neg: you can buy num_num or num_num than two of it , but not a lot at all .

			pos: you can buy num_num or num_num than two of it , but the num_extend to be able to me .

109: pos:	when i take a call ,  i have to be carefull to answer using the button on the headphones . 

			neg: when i hold it , just like it s to be a fan of it to replace the time .

			pos: when i hold it , just if it s to be a fan of it to charge .

110: pos:	sure enough ,  did not work ,  not enough power to push the dough through . 

			neg: even , this is not too , but not very strong in the taste to it .

			pos: even , this is not too , but not very easy to get in there .

111: pos:	i recently burned myself trying to extract artichokes from a pot at a friend s house . 

			neg: i m last two that had a lot for a few of the num_num years .

			pos: i m last two that had a long to the great reviews on and tried to .

112: neg:	the cars that come with this garage are cute . 

			neg: the pans of them comes with this is very .

			pos: the pans of them comes with this is very .

113: neg:	after looking around the inside i could see the grooves in which it separated from . 

			neg: after a lot to get one on the top of using it is looking forward .

			pos: after a lot to have a charge the same , but doesn t waste of cooking .

114: neg:	spyro games always used to be fun ,  but that tradition ends here . 

			neg: not so much kind of too much , and would be buying other .

			pos: not so much kind of too much , and would be buying other .

115: pos:	washing it is a breeze and just takes a second . 

			neg: they also , the num_num and just cut of my life .

			pos: they also a use a very great set makes an issue .

116: neg:	fits as described when arrived however when washed they shrink and continue to shrink with each wash thereafter . 

			neg: fits as advertised as i received , i use it and look like it at least it up .

			pos: fits as advertised as i received , i use them and it to be able to use it up though .

117: pos:	once glitch ,  which i did not view as all that negative . 

			neg: once , so the price i didn t feel that its just disappointed .

			pos: well i also as much this one is there is as much .

118: pos:	i have had this mount for about a year and it works great . 

			neg: i have had this set for about a year and it works great .

			pos: i have had this set for about a year and it works great .

119: pos:	this happened after about num_num years of use . 

			neg: this for two uses about and had , then .

			pos: this for two uses about and had , then .

120: neg:	the computer recognized the usb connection ,  but the cursor never moved . 

			neg: it a really like the num_extend and can charge it was not .

			pos: the batteries in the num_extend piece , but it didn t look .

121: neg:	either these are counterfeit oral bs or oral b has let the quality degrade substantially . 

			neg: nothing better . . . . just are well , it is like the size for me .

			pos: nothing better . . . . just are well , it is like the size for me .

122: neg:	so i bought this product hoping it would help to regulate my cycles . 

			neg: so i bought this product but it would make a long on my ear .

			pos: so i bought this item on the price you won t hold my one .

123: pos:	but it s not bad for wireless ,  i ve had worse . 

			neg: but it s not worth more , but i ve been expensive .

			pos: but it s not worth some money because i need on these .

124: pos:	exactly what i need for my phone and at the best price possible . 

			neg: exactly what i used on my hair and i m not after years .

			pos: exactly what i used on my hair and i m not after years .

125: neg:	you can make it fit on the left ,  but not the right ,  and vice versa . 

			neg: you can make it on the back cover . . . . also doesn t hold as much fine .

			pos: you can make it on the back cover . . . . also doesn t hold as much fine .

126: neg:	the metal part where you power the adapter came loose ,  even though i never unplugged the usb cable . 

			neg: the metal part of it is on your phone and they had not last forever to charge is done .

			pos: the metal part of it is on your phone and they had not last forever to put them also .

127: neg:	i would not even give my current one away . 

			neg: i would not even buy my favorite one more .

			pos: i would not even return one size for me .

128: pos:	shipped free directly from realook and arrived within two days . 

			neg: usually made in num_num months of now when two num_num hours .

			pos: tastes better in num_num minutes , i was two at every day .

129: pos:	i of course treated it with a wood sealant to last through the winter . 

			neg: i don t like these to the skin and the two of it to .

			pos: i don t like these to the skin and the two of any gift .

130: neg:	we have been treating our hair for months and finally got this . 

			neg: we have been able to num_extend several months and for my son only .

			pos: we have been able to work my few years and my son got .

131: neg:	i bought this set for our toaster oven . 

			neg: i bought this set to several times easy .

			pos: i bought this set to several times easy .

132: pos:	easy to put on and i have no problems . 

			neg: easy to put on and i have no problems .

			pos: easy to put on and i have no problems .

133: neg:	it does charge my kindle ,  but other important devices are left in the dust . 

			neg: it does day for the coffee maker so far , really difficult on the dishwasher .

			pos: it does day for the coffee and that s really good in the lid .

134: pos:	i think that is the way to keep the fish moist . 

			neg: i think that is the way to keep the and make .

			pos: i think that is the way to keep the store size .

135: neg:	a gamer looking for this kind of experience simply has too many options to chose from these days . 

			neg: a fan and have an issue , i d be able to me and try , they are excellent .

			pos: a fan and have an issue , i d be able to work . . i m going to be disappointed .

136: neg:	is that what you re looking for ?  go elsewhere . 

			neg: good results . you know of others to say to return .

			pos: is that what you re looking for me to say it .

137: neg:	not that we should of had to do that . 

			neg: not that we should have to buy instead that you do .

			pos: won t love something of this to need that things .

138: neg:	my mouth feels very dry and i am thirsty after drinking this . 

			neg: my meat look great well , since she needed this in it .

			pos: my glass water at all and i am happy to set it .

139: neg:	for that it is perfect . however ,  in either application i am weary of the design of the clip . 

			neg: for these , and this is also for me , i m not like it a difference in the .

			pos: used because the price , and did don t work . . . i m a fan of it in the .

140: pos:	it was just one and that s not a big deal . 

			neg: it was just one and that s not a big deal .

			pos: it was just one and that s not a big deal .

141: neg:	my cat just isn t at all interested in these springs . 

			neg: my dog just wasn t made and two of it was .

			pos: my dog just wasn t made and two of it was .

142: pos:	and now i don t need as much help driving as i used to :   . 

			neg: and now i don t buy a so you are using it and i wouldn t .

			pos: and now i don t buy a month or i don t used for it works .

143: pos:	i haven t had any problems with teflon flaking off . 

			neg: i am not if you try them to my taste .

			pos: i haven t had any problems with them in plastic .

144: pos:	i only wish the vacuum head was a little larger . 

			neg: i wish it would not received for a great should can .

			pos: i wish it would not received for a great should can .

145: pos:	this one is available at a decent price with fair shipping here on amazon . 

			neg: this one is better off about a few times ? i own it based .

			pos: this one is better off about a few times ? i own it one .

146: neg:	obviously we all have our own preferences for taste . 

			neg: again , never had lots of these ! by it .

			pos: again , never had no problems , and do .

147: pos:	it finally began to make a weird clicking sound when unplugged and was becoming quit rusty in the bottom . 

			neg: it was going to get great line up when i m good and it was a lot of the phone .

			pos: it was going to get great line up when i m good and it was a lot of the phone .

148: pos:	i like almost everything except cucumber juice  echhh  . 

			neg: i use the coffee so it is pretty disappointed .

			pos: i use the coffee so it is pretty disappointed .

149: neg:	since that time i have replaced the game . 

			neg: since i am like it only the game .

			pos: since i am like it only the game .

150: pos:	one great feature is that the spatula head is removable for east cleaning . 

			neg: one metal is good if it is really like my num_num things and fit .

			pos: one metal is good if it is really like my num_num things and fit .

151: neg:	kind of reminded me of airhead candy . now the fruit taste is pretty good actually . 

			neg: must can t work on all about the price ? all the food is pretty better .

			pos: such an issue , and there s two of color are all pretty good .

152: neg:	took her to the vet who told me the otc products don t really work that well . 

			neg: even on two of the num_extend that have some good idea of num_extend or these are num_extend

			pos: even on two of the num_extend that you re just just better , so far more .

153: pos:	the otterbox was just too bulky ,  a real pain in the bum trying to type and more . 

			neg: the one works perfect to be a screen of a lot of if you ll last long .

			pos: the one works perfect to be a screen of a lot of if you ll last very useful .

154: pos:	auto shut off after num_num hours ,  which is a good feature . 

			neg: sometimes the pan at num_num weeks , and is a good idea .

			pos: sometimes the pan at num_num weeks , and is a good idea .

155: neg:	i thought i d try this first without anything in it ,  just to see if my cats liked it . 

			neg: i thought i d give it as some of it , and it to get a week , i had this .

			pos: i thought i d give it as any a lot of use it in a chance , i didn t buy .

156: pos:	even after several days ,  they are air tight in a wine bottle . 

			neg: even after several days , they are easy to the job of my face .

			pos: even after several days , they are easy to the plastic unit in .

157: pos:	i bought this in num_num and the pan is still in great shape . 

			neg: i bought this to a few months the screen protector , and not nice .

			pos: i bought this to a few months the screen protector , and not nice .

158: neg:	surely not worth what was paid for it by half . 

			neg: not for your old product ! bought in any num_num and .

			pos: won t all on these and i ll go for a better .

159: neg:	once you play one match ,  you ve played them all . 

			neg: once you will believe , it s on it s very .

			pos: once you will believe , it s on it s very .

160: neg:	the color grew on me after a day or so and i kind of liked it . 

			neg: the first just used it on a num_extend them and then for a reason this .

			pos: the perfect thing and it will charge and at all i m looking for another .

161: neg:	i m just looking forward to the day i get to replace it . 

			neg: i m just looking forward to the day on it to buy this .

			pos: i m just looking forward to the day if it takes sure if .

162: pos:	but other than that ,  i don t use on in my daily life . 

			neg: but other than that , this , but they have a fine as well .

			pos: but other than that , i don t use it in over as well .

163: pos:	it does make the overall length a little shorter but works well when you are in the car . 

			neg: it does not like the screen size and didn t work better , when you work on the phone .

			pos: it does not like the screen size and didn t work better , when they feel it does .

164: neg:	i have natural dark red brownish hair and this product turned some strands of my hair pure black . 

			neg: i have a different sizes and the num_extend knife , it would be able to a num_extend screen .

			pos: i have a different sizes and the num_extend knife . . . . it has just just to a few seconds .

165: pos:	these come in handy with those tender special moments and celebrations . 

			neg: these look in it and have more even a good price .

			pos: these look in it and have more even a good price .

166: neg:	i like neutrogena products as a rule ,  so this was a disappointment . 

			neg: i like that a few times , and it was looking for first .

			pos: i like that a few times , and it was looking for first .

167: pos:	and yet it is compact and not too heavy . 

			neg: and they wear and the very good can work too .

			pos: and they wear and the very good can work too .

168: pos:	both english and metric measurements are embossed onto each spoon . 

			neg: each was very excited to work , no reason at all .

			pos: each was very excited to work , no problems for up .

169: neg:	i wish i could return it ,  but that would cost me as much as the refund would be . 

			neg: i wish i could return it , but i d be . . . i was just worth the other one .

			pos: i wish i didn t buy , i m buying me , but another one is not worth the money .

170: neg:	the original unreal tournament is the very definition of fun . 

			neg: the fact was out all has just made to sound .

			pos: the fact was out all has just much of different .

171: neg:	the first time through ,  things really slowed down around level num_extend

			neg: the first time to change ? they really a way out well either .

			pos: the first time to change ? they really a way out well either .

172: neg:	two reviewers determined there are drivers to be downloaded but i was unsuccessful . 

			neg: then the only need and really can do that num_extend as it was .

			pos: then the only need and really can do that num_extend as it was .

173: neg:	the bar contains  agave nectar  which does not occur naturally . 

			neg: the cord s kind of and i just not a problems .

			pos: the cord s kind of and i just not a problems .

174: pos:	and it ll keep rice perfect and hot for up to num_num hours . 

			neg: and it seems like num_num minutes and a two minutes to use at off .

			pos: and it seems to num_extend and a few hours to hold two days .

175: pos:	because of the steel type ,  you need to hone it on a steel and that s usually good enough . 

			neg: because of the quality of it , even you can t like it is that is a few days or .

			pos: because of the quality of it , to make it on , which is not , and works better .

176: neg:	i couldn t stand the persistent smell of feces in my apartment . 

			neg: i just purchased any the handle are on the waste my skin .

			pos: i just purchased any the handle are on the small case .

177: pos:	the copper finish is coated with a clear plastic to prevent oxidation . 

			neg: the press is even in the price is hard to clean after .

			pos: the press is too like the phone by a lot , too .

178: pos:	it keeps the air clean and nice fresh smelling . 

			neg: it keeps the screen and easy , just too .

			pos: it keeps the screen and easy , just too .

179: neg:	first ,  i put them both under my tongue simultaneously . 

			neg: first , i put them both a while using screen .

			pos: first , i put them both a while using screen .

180: pos:	was given to me as gift ,  when i was in a tiny apartment . 

			neg: but amazon had a long time , i received as like a lot easier .

			pos: but amazon had a long time , i received as like a lot easier .

181: neg:	not a good product for conditioning even though it says it has shea butter . 

			neg: not a good product and they used it and i have to the price .

			pos: not a good product and they used it and i have to the price .

182: neg:	i would never recommend this terrible waste of money case . 

			neg: i would never recommend this quality way for quality maker .

			pos: i would never recommend this quality way for quality maker .

183: neg:	i ve used it twice and it has stopped working . 

			neg: i ve used it and it was able to it num_extend

			pos: i ve used it and it was able to it num_extend

184: pos:	i have been baking pies for num_num years ,  and always found that i could not get a perfect circle . 

			neg: i have been num_num years of use and num_num stars , so far could not have been a great deal .

			pos: i have been num_num years of use and num_num stars , so far could not have been a great deal .

185: pos:	i have made batches of bread for weddings and catering using num_num pounds of flour . 

			neg: i have fun to use a couple of now that came out a couple things .

			pos: i have fun to use a couple of now that came out a couple things .

186: neg:	i run it outside the window and connect it to a garden hose . 

			neg: i run it in all day and put it to a new side .

			pos: i run it in all day and put it to a new side .

187: pos:	belt works fine and installed in just a few minutes . 

			neg: was working and as great on a very nice knife too .

			pos: was very pleased and one into my kitchen plastic cable .

188: pos:	there are quite a few decent standard sized batteries available for under $ on amazon . 

			neg: there are quite a good num_num to be good for me at times in amazon .

			pos: there are quite a good num_num to be good for me at times in amazon .

189: neg:	the packaging changed and when i opened the new bag ,  it didn t smell like the old one . 

			neg: the num_extend has for once , i didn t hold it , this is the worst one of them .

			pos: the num_extend has for my so , it wasn t a bit if it is the same size .

190: neg:	this pump is either too annoying to figure out or it just does not work with presta valves . 

			neg: it is the num_num is too much to fit off ? it is not at the price .

			pos: it is the num_num is too much to fit off ? it is not at the price .

191: pos:	obviously the margin of safety  from overflow  is much smaller . 

			neg: not as you ll hold one and really like cheap .

			pos: also to have a more nice looking and more expensive .

192: pos:	i paid $ for this when i bought a few other pieces . 

			neg: i expected for $ on this because we m very good .

			pos: i expected for $ on this because we m very good .

193: neg:	can t imagine how it acts when you heat style your hair . 

			neg: can t use it out , i don t break off , either .

			pos: can t use it out , i don t break off , either .

194: pos:	it would have been a better product if the plastic bowl was a bit more sturdier . 

			neg: it would have an issue and when the type of a great case ? not out .

			pos: it would have to the reviews for the fact , the great size or it worked .

195: neg:	because it s too big for my cup holder . 

			neg: i m using them or less than my second back .

			pos: i m using them or less than my second back .

196: pos:	i would buy again if the shipping wasnt so long . 

			neg: i would buy again if the best store so long .

			pos: i would buy again if the best store so long .

197: neg:	amazon was good to give me a refund right away . 

			neg: unfortunately now was less worth the num_num stars up down .

			pos: amazon is ok for me some one and will easily .

198: pos:	it will look like junk at first but after drying for a few hours it will clear up . 

			neg: it will look for the num_extend for and i didn t work for your phone on over either .

			pos: it will look for the num_extend for and i just use it and didn t hold it off .

199: neg:	it crashed for no reason ,  saves got corrupted . 

			neg: it came out , they would be my product at .

			pos: it came out , they would be my product at .

200: neg:	i bought this toy for my boys a few years back . 

			neg: i bought this brand for the first at months ago too .

			pos: i bought this brand for the first for num_num months up before .

201: pos:	the only complaint i have is that this ear piece doesn t adjust to the inside of your ear . 

			neg: the only complaint i don t wish that it gets easy to have a lot of the look nice .

			pos: the only complaint i don t wish use it is difficult to get the handle to hold it .

202: pos:	it has a cord that can be pulled out from the back and pushed back in for easy storage . 

			neg: this side that is the cup at a lot better than not hold over num_num months to install .

			pos: it has a looking num_num than the look and can be able to be over num_num months to clean .

203: neg:	if you are sensitive to maltodextrin ,  this isn t for you . 

			neg: if you are made in one , i don t want this .

			pos: if you are made in one , i don t want this .

204: pos:	so far has lasted for a long time and does not wear off . 

			neg: so far as it is like and and it was a bit either .

			pos: so far as it is like and and it is just right .

205: neg:	i bought two of these ,  and in about num_num minutes ,  the problem was solved . 

			neg: i bought two of course for home , at all of the price for the price .

			pos: i bought two of course for home , at all of the price for the price .

206: pos:	i would give this num_num stars but ,  as quickly as i pour water in ,  it starts pouring out . 

			neg: i didn i would be buying my husband and , but it is in the dishwasher and it down or .

			pos: i would give this num_num because it is and for the phone , and it . . . not a lot to use .

207: pos:	they were awesome and they work great i like them a lot thank you . 

			neg: they were excellent and they work great . i like no care of it .

			pos: they were excellent and they work great . i like your num_num of it .

208: neg:	then contact sharp and go on from there . 

			neg: nothing for a very for it to the num_extend .

			pos: nothing for a very for it to the num_extend .

209: pos:	the only thing is it stretches easily so be careful with that . 

			neg: the only thing is it it is too much well if they are .

			pos: the only thing is it it is too much well if they are .

210: pos:	this will compete with any top of the line knife you can buy . 

			neg: this should even go on the hard , the product won t like you .

			pos: this should even go on the hard , the product won t like you .

211: neg:	maybe i got a bad clock ,  but based on what i got ,  would not advise purchasing it . 

			neg: maybe i didn t like a few people , i didn t buy this because i m not worth the price .

			pos: maybe i didn t like a few people , i didn t buy this because i m not worth the price .

212: pos:	dash mounts are either bulky and in the way or not strong enough . 

			neg: not better , too easily and can get the water or more .

			pos: don t work too easily for a side out in your food too .

213: pos:	and i remembered to write review for this item only because this deserves the best rating i can . 

			neg: and i m sure to this item for this item i thought another one of course it .

			pos: and i m sure to this item for this item i thought another one of course it .

214: neg:	from the product description ,  i expected something far more robust than this unit . 

			neg: from the product : it , so maybe more not better than the product .

			pos: from the product : it , so maybe some more good thing . if the others .

215: neg:	instructions say to leave the nook on when not in use ,  so i do . 

			neg: ! there is on an use it in the time , so like they do .

			pos: ! there is on an use it in the time , so like they do .

216: neg:	but failed to deliver !  superman is arguably one of the best comic book super heroes . 

			neg: bought a lot brand new , etc . . my favorite would not like a new phone .

			pos: bought a lot brand new , etc . . my favorite would not like a new phone .

217: pos:	i bought this protective cover case for num_num cents plus shipping . 

			neg: i bought this cover and set , num_num star life .

			pos: i bought this cover and set , num_num star life .

218: pos:	mine fit perfectly on my linen closet door with no securing necessary . 

			neg: mine fit perfectly in mine on water and it won t look fine .

			pos: mine fit perfectly on my skin fit , so will hold me .

219: neg:	it has been more than num_num days so i cannot leave proper seller feedback or get a refund . 

			neg: it has been more than num_num and highly recommend it , and not to be an hour .

			pos: it has been more than num_num and these so i can t be a lot of them off .

220: neg:	we ve tried num_num of these waffle makers since jan num_extend

			neg: we ve tried num_num of these of these and owned num_extend

			pos: we ve tried num_num of these of these and owned num_extend

221: neg:	i bought these to put in goodie bags for my daughters num_extend birthday for her neon theme . 

			neg: i bought these to put in about a few times when they are a gift at times .

			pos: i bought these to put in about a few times when they are perfect for over them .

222: neg:	the num_extend would randomly reset itself to factory default ,  causing me to lose all my information . 

			neg: the num_extend only can t believe me by it s a lot of num_extend for the phone .

			pos: the num_extend one should say in the store and will make a few times , with the screen .

223: neg:	i ll stick to my xbox for now ,  thanks . 

			neg: i ll stick to my face for amazon , but .

			pos: i ll take forever in my other before , but .

224: neg:	i like that the braun swirls around and seems to do better getting under the gums and between teeth . 

			neg: i think you put them from the taste and look with some than a month and turned off .

			pos: i know if the cable , look at a lot better or it doesn t be a long time .

225: pos:	very sturdy with a good selection of teeth sizes . 

			neg: very sturdy with a good piece of these free .

			pos: very sturdy with a good piece of these free .

226: neg:	i ve used these a few times and broke them very easily . 

			neg: i ve used these a few times and it works out very .

			pos: i ve used these a few times and it works out very .

227: neg:	this one sits on our shelf collecting dust . 

			neg: this one keeps this with up my taste .

			pos: this one keeps this with up my taste .

228: pos:	i cook a lot and also brew beer at home ,  which requires frequent ,  accurate temperature readings . 

			neg: i use all a bit good , but they work great , when trying to be a kitchen .

			pos: i use all a bit good , but they work great , when trying to be a kitchen .

229: neg:	two days later i no longer saw them anywhere on the building . 

			neg: each year old at all it should num_num for it in some .

			pos: each year old at all it should num_num for it in some .

230: pos:	i use it a lot ,  and it never gave me any problem . 

			neg: i use it a lot , and it never worked not on it .

			pos: i use it a lot , and it never worked not on it .

231: neg:	the micro ,  however ,  requires that your computer first install a small program in order to be recognized properly . 

			neg: the box is , so this , there is a long case , for a lot of them away .

			pos: the machine , works if you re a few months . . . . . a large device , and they can t break .

232: pos:	it s more powerful so i expect it to be a little louder . 

			neg: it s more work if so i make it from a lot of .

			pos: it s really much as we do not using a pretty large .

233: pos:	the handle is comfortable and holds the pitchers securely in your hands . 

			neg: the handle is easy and it is into the dishwasher to use . down .

			pos: the handle is easy and it is into the dishwasher to use . down .

234: pos:	that said ,  the mic did pic up everything it could . 

			neg: that s the first of it is still right out this .

			pos: that s the first of it is still right out this .

235: pos:	i just bought a num_extend cubic ft chest freezer . 

			neg: i gave up reviews and will work a problem ! .

			pos: i gave up reviews and will work a problem ! .

236: neg:	i hate myself for falling for the james bond license and wasting $

			neg: i own this num_num because it to hold this num_extend num_num months ! .

			pos: i haven t think after num_num of it in num_num months s money away .

237: pos:	there are num_num bright leds for taking pictures or just as a flashlight . 

			neg: there are num_num cup , so they can be perfect for a forward .

			pos: there are great for me , needed to num_num minutes from the case .

238: pos:	it arrived really quickly and they always call me to let me know when they re making espresso . 

			neg: it s a num_num hours are still it out , so you have to use them , num_num .

			pos: it s a num_num hours are still it out and you re with it and had to work .

239: neg:	don t buy this unless you like replacing toasters . 

			neg: don t buy this if not like for me , .

			pos: don t buy this for the need , but .

240: neg:	this cream will give you acne if you have sensitive skin . 

			neg: this is any reason i can t go when you are .

			pos: this is any reason i can t go when you are .

241: pos:	it is fast ,  auto shut off is great ,  cup is perfect size . 

			neg: it is sturdy , it is very nice and didn a good quality size .

			pos: it is sturdy , it is very nice for a good handle is a battery .

242: pos:	bought it as an extra for my wife s phone and she says it works great . 

			neg: bought this at a set and it was so a year now it was very well .

			pos: bought this at a set and it was so a year now it was very well .

243: neg:	i would not buy anything else from this vendor . 

			neg: i would not buy anything else from one if .

			pos: i would not buy anything else from one if .

244: neg:	like playing pool ,  it wont hit the ball as hard as im trying too . 

			neg: like it , and you will have a few times in the color and used .

			pos: like it and don t buy it a great thing , as the num_num bucks .

245: neg:	i could feel some of the grains even after much shaking . 

			neg: i can t just a lot of them for them out .

			pos: i can t just a lot if they are after working .

246: neg:	the holes and cutouts aren t aligned quite properly ,  so mounting them on the screen is a compromise at best . 

			neg: the look first and comes out of num_extend or every day , but it is not a few of them off .

			pos: the look good , it just at all or it , and it s just didn t be a few weeks .

247: neg:	i ll probably just delegate the product to my feet ,  if at all . 

			neg: i ll probably just believe it in the reviews for my skin to dry .

			pos: i ll probably just believe the same , but in my kitchen to work .

248: neg:	the ones with black cords have a main button that has a hair trigger and doesn t click . 

			neg: it can t work on this is not of the machine and and this is pretty like the phone .

			pos: it can t work on one makes it is of the money and has worked in the kitchen .

249: neg:	and after all that ,  the base broke too . 

			neg: and after all that , in the iphone num_extend

			pos: and after all that , in the iphone num_extend

250: pos:	no more oil on my hands when cooking up a steak or falafel . 

			neg: not very strong on how my face and it easy to be fine .

			pos: not very strong to it as well , they a very easy to use .

251: pos:	it works great and i am very happy with it . 

			neg: it works great and i am very happy with it .

			pos: it works great and i am very happy with it .

252: neg:	the aftertaste is so overpowering i had to brush my teeth . 

			neg: the taste which was going with this to one cup .

			pos: the taste which was going with this to one cup .

253: neg:	if you re the type of person that likes to shoot ,  stay away from this product . 

			neg: if you re an issue , this is used to be looking for a num_num of it .

			pos: if you re an issue , this is used to be looking for a num_num of it .

254: pos:	the shipping charges are now lower and upfront on the order . 

			neg: the shipping was made num_num weeks and a problem on it .

			pos: the num_extend arrived better or battery life , after the same results .

255: neg:	the adjustable slicing disk is too thick ,  and even the shredding disk is too thick . 

			neg: the buttons because look great , and look great if it , and look great .

			pos: the cleaning one , too is easy to work , but it is pretty heavy .

256: neg:	i am actually afraid to open the remaining jars . 

			neg: i am not good with a way from them .

			pos: i am not good with a lot of iphone either .

257: neg:	the charging light illuminates ,  but does not charge . 

			neg: the size and look like also was into it .

			pos: the size and look like also was into it .

258: pos:	it s lacquered so the manual says not to place anything hot on top of it . 

			neg: it s so the price that it doesn t look a lot , while you can fit .

			pos: it s so the price that it doesn t look a lot , even in the lid .

259: pos:	doing this outside means no worry about smells ,  smoke ,  or a mess to clean up . 

			neg: i m the go wrong out also used your kitchen , and a lot of water look fine .

			pos: i clean on it s pretty bad , i am a lot , easy to hold , either .

260: neg:	i m not a huge health fanatic that knows all about the detox and clease process . 

			neg: i m not a different issue and they are the other than the phone at all .

			pos: i m not a different option so the other items like the screen protectors with most .

261: neg:	my cats just leap over the sides which defeats the purpose of the whole thing . 

			neg: my dog didn t be a set was going to the size of this thing .

			pos: my dog just got up a set is about the quality of the set should .

262: neg:	the product is not durable but it might just be the one i received . 

			neg: the product is not good for it may be just got this one .

			pos: the product is not good for it is not just for the one item .

263: neg:	then she said  well you ordered the pu which is what you got . 

			neg: then now it works like this did not and that when it doesn t .

			pos: then now it works like this did not and that when it doesn t .

264: pos:	i ve had my misto about num_num months and feel it was a good purchase . 

			neg: i ve had a year with num_num great case and like the num_extend was disappointed .

			pos: i ve had a year with num_num is great when my husband and it is only .

265: neg:	i didn t have the rust problems that others had . 

			neg: i didn t have the taste i found that had this .

			pos: i didn t have the taste i found that had this .

266: neg:	a single  fairly small  burning incident led to utter destruction of the usability of the pan . 

			neg: a lot and really a lot for that makes the two of the pan , .

			pos: a lot and really a lot for that makes the two of the pan , .

267: neg:	in that short time ,  he ripped one wing off the toy . 

			neg: in that , and it did and another size of all this .

			pos: in kitchen , i just use my old game and a way this .

268: pos:	i bought it for a new iphone num_extend

			neg: i bought it for a new iphone num_extend

			pos: i bought it for a new iphone num_extend

269: pos:	i can t believe how beautiful and substantial this ice cream maker is . 

			neg: i can t believe how great , and it has great , which .

			pos: i can t believe how great , and it has great , which .

270: pos:	 i used a blade grinder for years before buying a burr grinder  . 

			neg: i used a waste my money for these for using a good issue .

			pos: i used a waste my money for these for using a good issue .

271: pos:	however ,  the price was amazing ,  so totally worth the purchase for an every now and then need . 

			neg: however , the price was ok well , then if it one for me at all it again ! .

			pos: however , the price was ok well , then i could find it at a num_num for me again ! .

272: pos:	now i can have an extra battery charged and just pop it in if i run low . 

			neg: so i didn t get a new screen protector for and it doesn t stay in all it .

			pos: so i didn t get the num_num cups and i m not able to charge in it and .

273: pos:	i don t have issues with maintaining the season or with the heating up time ,  etc . 

			neg: i don t have issues with a month of your iphone or it does , num_extend

			pos: i don t have issues with a month of your iphone or it does , num_extend

274: pos:	this one does the job i need it for !  . 

			neg: this one does a problem , they buy one ! .

			pos: this one does the job i need if they work .

275: neg:	this item does not provide full coverage as the picture suggests . 

			neg: this item does not fit and your first one . . . not .

			pos: this item does not fit and your first one . . . .

276: pos:	i had to splice my own cables before i found this for a couple bucks . 

			neg: i had to use the num_num stars that i bought it for a few times .

			pos: i had to use the num_num stars ! i used this for num_num times quality .

277: pos:	i don t want the bulk of an otterbox defender . 

			neg: i don t want the large one of some case .

			pos: i don t want the large one of some case .

278: neg:	these definitely open up your nasal passages and functionally work as advertised . 

			neg: these still make a lot off , so its a few times .

			pos: these s not quite in your num_extend and it is good for me .

279: neg:	i have to disagree with the poster who said it is a bit better than a hammer . 

			neg: i have to add these in their product and it would be a heavy duty one of .

			pos: i have to add these in those , but it s a little different than one .

280: neg:	and i just paid the same thing for the num_extend size ?  !  shame on you amazon . 

			neg: so a replacement game so the game it s a great value for something . it would .

			pos: so a replacement game so the game it s a great value for something . it would .

281: neg:	tuffy liners that resist these thorns but i wanted a wider one for the tires on my bike . 

			neg: needless to other reviewers that it works but didn t like a gift for the same cable .

			pos: needless to other reviewers that it works but didn t like a gift for the same cable .

282: neg:	my phone did a better job of noise canceling . i think all bluetooth technology is the same . 

			neg: my phone did a good amount of work , i d still , and did not have .

			pos: my phone did a good amount or price of others s good , but not the best .

283: pos:	but if you deal with case of this kind in the past you will get use it . 

			neg: but if you like it , but the game , you can t go on it .

			pos: but if you like it , but the game , you can t go on it .

284: pos:	the charger is working with my wireless bluetooth speaker just fine so far . 

			neg: the charger is working with my new one and does nothing so good .

			pos: the charger is working with one and it was pretty good but so .

285: pos:	and if you read the instructions carefully before going at it ,  you won t encounter any problems . 

			neg: and if the product , it worked so i won t pay for it out of it down .

			pos: and if this stuff , it worked so what i won t be worth it through it out .

286: neg:	this is a fantastic idea ,  however it has some flaws . 

			neg: this is a good problem , however , this will be not .

			pos: this is a good deal , love the game is with me .

287: pos:	although once you go a little past halfway the quality gets a little worse . 

			neg: and this s right through a big case , one of a little bit .

			pos: and this s right through a big case , one of a little bit .

288: neg:	if you can afford it step up to something that will last . 

			neg: if you can wear it to be the more so i will last .

			pos: if you can wear it to be the more so i will last .

289: neg:	i won t be buying from this vender ever again . 

			neg: i won t num_num than buying a problem before only .

			pos: i won t num_num than buying a problem before only .

290: pos:	this is a very convenient tool and certainly gets that last bit of dirt everything else might leave behind . 

			neg: this is a great kitchen and it is needed , but it just they really can t work in them .

			pos: this is a great kitchen and it is needed , but it just they really can t work in them .

291: neg:	neither one of them show any interest at all in it with or without the small catnip pouch added . 

			neg: although the new will take it up , at it out of the store , with a num_num of cleaning .

			pos: although the new will take it up , at it out of the store , with a lot at all .

292: pos:	soon enough i got a deeper scratch on the protector that didn t just rub off easily . 

			neg: at this item off , it didn t hold one on and it is just not off .

			pos: at this item off , it didn t hold one on and it is just not off .

293: pos:	some say it s not heavy ,  others say it is way too heavy . 

			neg: not do what there is not $ , but it s taste pretty cheap .

			pos: not do what there is not better , because it s no different support .

294: pos:	i m starting to hate it because i don t need to upgrade . 

			neg: i m not pleased with this product that would have to be .

			pos: i m not pleased with this product that would have to be .

295: pos:	i guess you could say so what it s a ladle . 

			neg: i guess you could say so it s , it is .

			pos: i guess you could say so what it s a disappointment .

296: neg:	i thought the concept was good; scuffy thinks otherwise . 

			neg: i believe this is the price were in perfect again .

			pos: i thought the price has num_num stars , just .

297: neg:	every product i own from them has failed or been a letdown . 

			neg: every thing that he is any , but went to the size .

			pos: every thing that he is any , but went to the size .

298: pos:	fast; better than a blender and is easy to use . 

			neg: please be disappointed in which is a few minutes to use .

			pos: better looking forward is that a few minutes and to do .

299: pos:	overall i love them ,  and would probably buy them again . 

			neg: overall i love them , and would probably buy them again .

			pos: overall i love them , and would probably buy them again .

300: pos:	i am still giving it four ,  though ,  because i love it . 

			neg: i am still giving it for me , that when i love it .

			pos: i am still giving it for me , that when i love it .

301: neg:	the only thing i d like to see is one usb pass through so you don t lose a usb slot . 

			neg: the only thing that had a thing , and will not feel that it didn t hold up in .

			pos: the only thing that had the quality , but it is not to use it a little longer than its .

302: neg:	she played with it for about num_num seconds ,  put it down ,  and never looked at it again . 

			neg: so i did with them to use and after a lot of the phone and he s about them .

			pos: so i did with them to use and after a lot of the phone and he s about them .

303: pos:	they are pretty long and works fine if you just want to charge apple devices . it doesn t sync at all . 

			neg: they look very heavy and for , but not able to keep it , but it didn t want to work .

			pos: they look very heavy and for , but not able to keep it , but it just like to work .

304: pos:	the belt clip is great ,  i use it on my backpack when backpacking . 

			neg: the plug was pretty good , i use it on my skin on case .

			pos: the plug was pretty good , i use it on my skin on case .

305: neg:	however ,  your skin needs to be able to breathe to perform these functions . 

			neg: however , your knives look forward to make a month of them .

			pos: however , your knives look forward to make a month of them .

306: neg:	the bread isn t even completely toasted ,  just singed badly on the edges . 

			neg: the phone are worth the num_num and make the phone and have an .

			pos: the phone are worth the num_num and make the phone and have an .

307: neg:	i would not trust anything bigger than iphone num_extend

			neg: i did not need piece were worth my new num_extend

			pos: i would not recommend in less people use battery away .

308: pos:	i use it atleast num_num times a day for tea ,  and i haven t encountered any num_extend

			neg: i use it num_num times in a year old , and it was made for it out .

			pos: i use it num_num times in a year old , and it was made for it out .

309: neg:	in fact ,  we noticed the bait was slowly disappearing white the door was never closing . 

			neg: in fact , i am able to my old screen protector , the samsung galaxy s right .

			pos: in fact , i am able to my old screen protector , the samsung galaxy s right .

310: neg:	i have a  made in usa  version of this . 

			neg: i have a lot small game and had the .

			pos: i have a lot small game and had the .

311: neg:	i think it helped a little in between showering but not as much as other dry shampoos . 

			neg: i think it didn t be fine in a lot and i am just use as fun .

			pos: i think it didn t be fine in a lot and i am just use as much easier .

312: pos:	this is the perfect size for me but ,  apparently ,  it is not as popular as the other sizes . 

			neg: this is a one also for me , and i just like the price , but not a good results .

			pos: this is a one also for me , and i just like the price , but not a good results .

313: pos:	i have two of them in different locations in my house . 

			neg: i have two of our own a lot of time as .

			pos: i have two of our own a lot , for it .

314: neg:	then i put the cream on my feet especially around my toes and heels . 

			neg: so it a set , and it didn t hold and my galaxy num_extend

			pos: so it a set , and it didn t hold a few weeks on fast .

315: pos:	the voice from the earpiece says  connected  on successful completion . 

			neg: the colors just in it was looking with the num_num .

			pos: the colors just in it was looking with the num_num .

316: pos:	otherwise ,  you re better off using a  regular  much and a coffee maker or tea bags . 

			neg: otherwise , they don t be pleased with a few months and can be good , works .

			pos: : by it s to be as much a few minutes , which is very pleased .

317: neg:	you can go to any chain store and do better . 

			neg: you can go to go out , and they better .

			pos: you can go to make it very long because do too .

318: neg:	since i didn t ,  i urge you to do so and avoid having a $ loss on your hands . 

			neg: before i was in this , they will be used , so , and it will be a go .

			pos: before i was in this , they will be used , so , and it will be a while .

319: neg:	i ve been leaving it on all night and there s still plenty of water in it next morning . 

			neg: i ve been able to it once all the num_extend and do nothing , not a day in it .

			pos: i ve been able to it once all the num_extend and do there s a bit one on the time .

320: neg:	i simply treated it how i would assume a curling iron works . 

			neg: i all of these with this is this is some reviews and .

			pos: i all of these with this is this is some reviews and .

321: pos:	they come with full instructions and not much more to say . 

			neg: they do fit well and the other more seem to anyone .

			pos: they do fit well and the other more seem to anyone .

322: neg:	the htc evo v is the same phone as the htc evo num_extend on sprint . 

			neg: the batteries has num_num of my son does both times , but he didn t .

			pos: the pans was an hour ago , the battery came all after a month .

323: neg:	also the  free will  option is an absolute joke . 

			neg: also a lot people would be a lot star .

			pos: also a lot people would be a game too .

324: neg:	if you are stir frying your ingredients  i . e . 

			neg: if you are not well in how they did it .

			pos: if you are not well in how they did it .

325: pos:	went looking for them and you had them . 

			neg: needed in which they work in this again .

			pos: needed in which they work in this again .

326: neg:	and there s a reason for that ,  it isn t !  slips right out of every pedal i have . 

			neg: and there s looking for , that it s a bit , but they really don t go on it .

			pos: and there s looking for , i m sure that the taste all it is about it on me .

327: pos:	i have been extremely happy with my purchase . 

			neg: i have an iphone and go several times .

			pos: i have an iphone and go several times .

328: pos:	my husband tried to reshape it to fit properly on the bowl ,  but with little success . 

			neg: as it works to use it down to fit in one , after a lot to work .

			pos: my husband used it and will fit to put it in a bit for me , .

329: neg:	i enjoyed the sword in single player but in multiplayer was a very frustrating weapon to fight against . 

			neg: i saw any size around my family and had a screen protector , and won t look forward .

			pos: i saw the lot from it and the num_num times , and just can be working for .

330: pos:	the glass cuisinart lids would pour water everywhere in a wet mess . 

			neg: the really good device it is supposed to clean on a bit .

			pos: the really good device it is supposed to clean on a bit .

331: pos:	it is also real wood which matches our table and it doesn t look cheap . 

			neg: it is also really a couple of its so don t get her and look .

			pos: it is also really a couple of its so don t get her and look .

332: pos:	so i read the reviews for the phonedevil matte clear sreen protector and decided to give it a shot . 

			neg: so i read a review , it just a couple of num_num and i m not been a reason .

			pos: so i read a review , it just a couple of num_num and i m not been a month .

333: pos:	i am glad that i did not spend a fortune on the electric models . 

			neg: i am glad that i did not believe me in this size for me .

			pos: i am glad that i did not believe me to the second one too .

334: pos:	i only own plastic cooking utensils ,  never stack them and always hand wash . 

			neg: i ve m really works well in it , so its really protects every time .

			pos: i ve m really works well in it , so its really protects every time .

335: pos:	video and sound on the num_extend tv was super that i connected the cable too . 

			neg: well is the num_num of it was very far as it would be fine .

			pos: well is the num_num of it was very awesome . . i was an hour , etc .

336: pos:	this coffee grinder does exactly what it s promised to do :  grinds perfectly ,  quickly and easily . 

			neg: this was a case , but it s nothing made , it , and all around ! .

			pos: this was a case , i still have to say how well , it all clean , etc .

337: neg:	of course in most sports games ,  graphics shouldn t matter . 

			neg: in fact the graphics don t better idea , probably not .

			pos: in fact the graphics don t better idea , probably not .

338: neg:	i had it professionally installed at a local bike shop . 

			neg: i have used the last and even in one better .

			pos: i have used the last and even in one better .

339: pos:	it s very simple and takes up very little space on the pot rack . 

			neg: it s very light and look just very easy to the device in tea .

			pos: it s very easy is to look great up easy on the pan .

340: pos:	fill the pan half way with water ,  and put it to boil . 

			neg: put the screen protector you get well , and a while you re working .

			pos: put the screen protector on your home , and put it to install .

341: neg:	this ring looked beautiful on out of the box . 

			neg: this handles and did to keep the box of .

			pos: this handles and did to keep the box of .

342: neg:	just like other people ,  their brand name led me to believe they were natural . 

			neg: just think their own product instead of it s kind of num_num stars with better .

			pos: just think their own product instead of it s kind of num_num stars with better .

343: neg:	i did some research ,  and went with this one . 

			neg: i did not want my money and to try this battery .

			pos: i did not waste long time and some i purchased .

344: neg:	i figured this would be a great alternative to use during the six weeks . 

			neg: i finally had the quality may work from my with a month and it .

			pos: i finally had the quality may work from my with a month and it .

345: neg:	i bought this for my num_num month old from santa for christmas . 

			neg: i bought this for my num_num stars at a num_num month for one .

			pos: i bought this for my num_num year old to hold one for now .

346: pos:	buy from amazon because the price is much much better than buying from the blackberry website . 

			neg: buy from amazon , but this is better too much for than the other than the money .

			pos: buy from amazon , but this is better too much for than the other than the money .

347: neg:	i think all of this sugar is toxic to my body and will not buy this anymore . 

			neg: i think all of this is pretty , i m just like it out of buying it .

			pos: i think all of this is pretty , i m just like it out of buying it .

348: neg:	we purchased this so our daughter could have fun toy to play with . 

			neg: for i bought it num_num stars if you re just been used to go .

			pos: for i bought it num_num stars if you re just been used to go .

349: neg:	it stopped making sounds within a day and he has no interest in it now . 

			neg: it took a few times around my iphone and the num_extend it s a day .

			pos: it took a few times around my iphone and the num_extend it s a day .

350: pos:	this item is not made for charging while using ,  so that is something to take into consideration . 

			neg: this item is not enough to use it and i m trying to be used to hold it .

			pos: this item is not enough to use it and i m trying to be used to hold it .

351: neg:	please reply with the filter part number and your location . 

			neg: going like it from the game is very when can .

			pos: going like it from the game is very when can .

352: neg:	it also added a lot of bulk and as a result no cases fit with the phone . 

			neg: it is the screen in an excellent use , and the screen but it will hold it .

			pos: it is the screen in an excellent use , and the screen i just go in them .

353: pos:	comes with a  towel  to clean the phone before placement . 

			neg: comes with a lot and can protect every time these .

			pos: comes with a lot and can the phone though it works .

354: pos:	these are great stands ,  but my yamaha speakers didn t fit either of the screw sizes provided . 

			neg: these really good , and it just as it is not the back to the screen protector .

			pos: these really good , and it just as it is not the back to the screen protector .

355: neg:	i woke up with basically an oil slick on my face . 

			neg: i picked up with the small way at the first time .

			pos: i picked up with the small way too in this time .

356: pos:	no battery to wear out and have to replace . 

			neg: not very protects it at very like the reason for .

			pos: no battery comes out and it from trying to this .

357: pos:	it doesn t have a flashy design  basic black  ,  and it has the requisite glass pitcher . 

			neg: it doesn t have a beautiful part is simple , and it has a bit okay , .

			pos: it doesn t have a good side , is very like the case , but it looks nice .

358: pos:	like i said ,  it works ,  these are ok . 

			neg: like i said , it works , these are ok .

			pos: if i feel said it s and it is new .

359: neg:	i don t understand how it s possible for such a big brush to deposit so little product on my lashes . 

			neg: i don t believe how they said they don t be a lot of num_num to use from this one of .

			pos: i don t say , it s used a try a little more , and can t send it in one .

360: pos:	i won t be flipping this one . now i ve owned it a while and used it several times . 

			neg: i won t be the price i ordered it for my house , i expected it and after the time before .

			pos: i won t be the price i ordered it for my house , i expected it and after the time before .

361: neg:	i put it together to surprise my husband . 

			neg: i put it to all after a knife .

			pos: i put it to all after a knife .

362: pos:	this gets the job done for the price . 

			neg: this cover , does even put amazon .

			pos: this cover , does even put amazon .

363: pos:	seems to working fine in my mother s humidifier . 

			neg: seems to work into my product , so it should .

			pos: seems to work into my product , so it should .

364: pos:	mediocre results until hitting upon a great cookbook . 

			neg: needless , so it , just from a refund .

			pos: oh long when i really nice for a back .

365: neg:	it hasn t done anything for his thin coat though . 

			neg: it s in the even then add a store though .

			pos: it s in the iphone or even in all . so .

366: neg:	they send you num_num because each one lasts about two days . 

			neg: they will think at my old one of these at num_num .

			pos: they will think at my old one of these at num_num .

367: neg:	i felt i must have missed something if the reviews were so good . 

			neg: i was not if i really have been disappointed for other more good .

			pos: i was not if i really have been disappointed for other more good .

368: pos:	i never let it sit in water ,  and stand it on it s side ,  drain side down ,  to dry . 

			neg: i took it perfectly on your phone , and you get it as it , it is difficult to the water off .

			pos: i took it perfectly on your phone , and you get it as it , it is to hold the job done .

369: pos:	it pushed right through the job with no trouble . 

			neg: it worked on the water on me by there .

			pos: it worked on the water on me a lot though .

370: pos:	on the other hand for power grating you ve got something here . 

			neg: the reason as well doesn t work for any review i haven t purchase .

			pos: the reason as well doesn t work for any review i haven t purchase .

371: neg:	i have to lower the rating another notch . 

			neg: i have to be the one stars to me .

			pos: i have to be the one stars to me .

372: neg:	there is no clock for different locations you can put on your home num_extend no world weather . 

			neg: there is no reviews at a lot of that it in the water and there are right .

			pos: there is no reviews at a lot of that it in the water and there are right .

373: pos:	the norpro pasta rack makes life so much simpler ,  and takes up allot less space . 

			neg: it makes a great deal they work great for that makes it easy to clean either .

			pos: it makes a great set that are too long , it is just easy to be strong .

374: pos:	better than a hand vac  dustbuster  if bending down isn t easy for you . 

			neg: better , from the price came out in you don t work nice if you .

			pos: better than a phone . . i can t put them a bad value for the .

375: pos:	the remaining sticker is attached to the second film . 

			neg: the handles , but just some of this case .

			pos: the handles , but just some of this case .

376: pos:	i use it for my line of work and it stands up . 

			neg: i use it for the case , look and i didn t work . down .

			pos: i use it for the case , look and i didn t work . down .

377: neg:	i was very excited to see this color come out so when it did ,  i jumped on it . 

			neg: i was very excited , it didn t add them , so i didn t use it on the time .

			pos: i was very excited , it didn t add them , so i didn t use it on the time .

378: neg:	i have purchased fairly cheap holders from motorola and they lasted a while . 

			neg: i have purchased different sizes and didn t work for use in two .

			pos: i have purchased different sizes and didn t work for using water for me .

379: neg:	i was surprised as the box seemed to be in good shape . 

			neg: i was good when the one piece of things and can also fine .

			pos: i was good when the one piece of things and can also fine .

380: pos:	the cheese came out light and fluffy wished i had had one earlier . 

			neg: the storage device and look nice , so had this one had great purchase .

			pos: the storage device and look nice , so had this one had great purchase .

381: pos:	great headset ,  solid build quality and blocks out the wind . 

			neg: great price like the plastic , and usually make in me .

			pos: great headset , material , great , so not a lot .

382: pos:	outdoors requires the phone to be holstered on the same side of my body as the num_extend

			neg: sometimes the bottle is supposed to install on the same amount of my phone one is .

			pos: sometimes the machine turned out and can t have the same in my phone a replacement .

383: pos:	it s super durable ,  super versatile ,  and is an excellent way to store food . 

			neg: it s very short and the food , and is a lot to make num_num minutes .

			pos: it s very simple , and the food and , just can t look by me .

384: neg:	noise  !  !  !  this is the loudest shaver i have owned . 

			neg: sugar ! ! ! this line is never like this for .

			pos: sugar ! ! ! the product is not sure if it was .

385: pos:	for example ,  the box says there s an led battery indicator light . 

			neg: for example , the product , they would really like the num_extend screen .

			pos: for example , the product , they would really like the num_extend screen .

386: neg:	i was looking forward to this game for a couple of num_extend

			neg: i was looking forward to this game for a couple of num_extend

			pos: i was looking forward to this game for a couple of num_extend

387: neg:	as a video game fanatic i can say that the days of milton bradley are long since over . 

			neg: as a huge thing i can say , they had a few different .

			pos: as a huge thing i can say , they had a few different .

388: neg:	i have a fairly energetic ,  playful cat and she was not interested in this product . 

			neg: i have a different side and it was better and i m not this one of this .

			pos: i have a large phone with most good so i m still on the second product .

389: neg:	num_extend when your in combat ,  you can t do anything else but stand there . 

			neg: and it all in you , you want you won t be going with it .

			pos: and it all in you , you want you won t be going with it .

390: pos:	one corner is slightly taller than the other but its hardly noticeable . 

			neg: one is not enough in most people and it is still .

			pos: one is not enough in most people and it is still .

391: neg:	the game is fun if you are in jail and time is not an issue . 

			neg: the stuff isn t enough for you don t work , and didn t really have .

			pos: the stuff isn t enough to if you are also good for the num_extend of the .

392: pos:	i am so glad we chose this one . 

			neg: i am so glad we believe it one .

			pos: i am so glad we saw it would .

393: pos:	we use these alot and they work great . 

			neg: we tried like num_num hours s so great .

			pos: we tried like num_num hours s so great .

394: pos:	i say that after trying many cheap pathetic headsets ,  sigh . 

			neg: i am sure how i hope that worked , for all .

			pos: i am sure how i hope that worked for a kitchen .

395: neg:	i guess i ll replace the hardware ,  but it will cost me more than the garter in the long run . 

			neg: i guess i ll order from the price it , they will be just worth the other than the inside .

			pos: i guess i ll order from the price it s worth the more than two , not worth the plastic .

396: pos:	i really like the zagg screen protectors for my phones ,  and i ve used them for years . 

			neg: i really like the screen protector with coffee and i m happy with this and used for i use .

			pos: i just want it makes me as num_num months . . . i use for use that i bought it .

397: neg:	i have gerd and will have to keep searching for one that is comfortable ,  but supportive . 

			neg: i like it is not sure if not able to use but but was a small things .

			pos: i like it is not sure if not able to use but but was a small things .

398: pos:	i pretreated the worst stains withwoolite pet stain . 

			neg: i spend the screen of these and an problems .

			pos: i spend the screen of these and an problems .

399: neg:	these run quite small even though they are stretchy . 

			neg: it works pretty hard with so how they really .

			pos: these takes up easy though with much better not .

400: pos:	i have dropped the phone onto a tile floor and it is fine . 

			neg: i have dropped the phone in all and it a few months .

			pos: i have dropped the phone in all and it a few months .

401: pos:	the la prima ran about half a shot then choked the machine . 

			neg: the cost for all after num_num of the num_extend year of the floor .

			pos: the cost for me and the num_num day and can have a refund .

402: neg:	i think i will return and stick with wool gloves . 

			neg: i think i will use the num_num things with a refund .

			pos: i think i will use the num_num things with a refund .

403: neg:	like showdown : legends of wrestling , it has too many glitches to count . 

			neg: like is what would be in , this works with all of them , .

			pos: like is what isn t to install this , they re great with the store .

404: pos:	this thing increased my battery life by almost half ! honestly ,  it doesn t really make your phone that much bigger either . 

			neg: this on this was just perfect , so good as some of it is not worth the num_num to be made ! .

			pos: this on this was just perfect and s a few . . . . . i could be a bit not to make them or better .

405: pos:	with medium usage its closer to about num_num hours . 

			neg: with all them , just used them back , then .

			pos: with all them , just used them back , then .

406: neg:	i thought that was a bonus ,  but as it turns out this sucker sucks the life out of batteries . 

			neg: i thought that was a case for me , but it does not buy them from the num_num minutes .

			pos: i thought that was a case for me , but it does not used it up for a bit better .

407: neg:	as a professional i would not purchase it again ,  nor would i give it as a gift to anyone . 

			neg: as a company . . . it would not last many times if i think it would be a chance .

			pos: as a new thing i did not buy me , i bought this one worth the $ for the price .

408: pos:	i have another mounting system from this same manufacturer in my personal vehicle and am also pleased with it . 

			neg: i have been num_num star size with this game , but did a few days and it .

			pos: i have another larger num_num times to this game and it didn t good job , so i use it .

409: neg:	per the game ,  phasers are used to take down shields and photon torps are used to damage the hull . 

			neg: a reason , it seems to be use it to be able to work , and they really doesn t .

			pos: a reason , it seems to be use it to be able to work , and they really doesn t .

410: pos:	i purchased a nook color for my grand daughter s birthday and she worn out the usb cable . 

			neg: i saw this is a couple times because it s num_num year and it worked to the num_extend

			pos: i purchased a good set , and i gave it num_num years and they sent it a great .

411: pos:	there are num_num blue lights to indicate the level of the unit s charge . 

			neg: there are num_num is an iphone to the quality of the same phone it .

			pos: there are num_num is an iphone to the quality of the same phone it .

412: pos:	as soon as you see it ,  you ll be struck that it looks like a work of art . 

			neg: as soon as you have in , it is made it , and not worth of a good .

			pos: as soon as you have in , it is made . . . i m not a lot of that is .

413: neg:	the kids played it for a little while ,  but became quickly bored by it . 

			neg: not what i didn t use to a couple of once and your own a refund .

			pos: not what i didn t use to a couple , and it very different on .

414: pos:	the bottom most container is not as small as one would think . 

			neg: the stuff does , but not a good because this is had was .

			pos: the stuff does , but not a good because this is had was .

415: pos:	since applying this method i have made great bread everytime num_extend weeks straight as of today  . 

			neg: and i liked it being able to say a very good iphone and it s a gift .

			pos: and i bought it the product ? how great num_extend came out and my son loves .

416: neg:	if you have soft facial fair then by all means use these razors . 

			neg: if you have a work with a really work , it works for me .

			pos: if you have a work with a really work , it works for me .

417: neg:	after reading that some people have issues with kombucha tea ,  i googled it and read some more . 

			neg: after reading that some people have used to say , he was a lot of it s better .

			pos: after reading that some people have used to say , she has a lot of these ! .

418: neg:	she handed it back to me and picked up her ginsu knife . 

			neg: now it went out the num_num and it are a month over .

			pos: now they will hold two months and they cut a week ago .

419: pos:	the pump is powerful and draws from the bottom ,  so there is very little waste . 

			neg: the motor is so nice , and the clip and will be good or a bad .

			pos: the motor is so nice , and the fit , but am very difficult to clean .

420: pos:	these are really just the thing for chocoholics !  very useful and well made . 

			neg: these are really just on the reason , so good or use and look .

			pos: these are really just on the fact that look and and well made .

421: neg:	packaging tends to heat quickly and melts while noodles take awhile to get to the right temperature . 

			neg: although there are easy to install and while working out of the amount of getting off .

			pos: although there are easy to install and while working out of the amount of it to clean .

422: pos:	works great !  love it for zesting orange ,  lemon or lime zest . 

			neg: works very good . i tried in fact that look nice , at us .

			pos: num_extend works great . i use this is made in good at the kitchen .

423: pos:	the suction cup is very high quality ,  with a strong lever that doesn t cause worry with each use . 

			neg: the handle is pretty good , and makes some of that , and it with a month with me .

			pos: the handle is pretty good , and makes some of that , and it with a month with me .

424: neg:	got all excited ,  but this taste nohthing like honey at all . 

			neg: it was nice because it is like some , i m going strong .

			pos: it was nice because it is looking for all of them well , .

425: pos:	that s what it does and it does it well . 

			neg: that s what it does and it does it well .

			pos: that s what it does and it does it well .

426: pos:	now very happy with it despite the problem with the fluid leaking out of the sprayer . 

			neg: now very happy with it , it will never to a lot of them in .

			pos: now very happy with it , it will never to a lot of them in .

427: pos:	finally ,  i ordered this battery since mine was going dead and malfunctioning during the day . 

			neg: now on my item i was several times so far and didn t work in it right .

			pos: now on my item i was several times so far and didn t work in the iphone .

428: pos:	i actually am so impressed with the service that i might consider switching to tracfone to save money !  . 

			neg: i still own , so i would use it by that i don t be looking better than $

			pos: i still own , so i would use it , better than i don t recommend a better idea better .

429: neg:	my greek tort doesn t care for it !  !  neither do i . 

			neg: after the color , you used it for and they guess you do .

			pos: after the color , you used it for work ! it s worth .

430: neg:	my num_num dogs like premium edge and they seem pretty healthy and happy with it . 

			neg: getting perfect , so doesn t work hard to work at all at it .

			pos: getting a few uses it , too large to they are very happy with the iphone .

431: neg:	i use this for num_num hours and work ,  my car ,  and home . 

			neg: i use this for num_num hours and work , when my hair , works fine .

			pos: i use this for num_num hours and num_extend , when use a few days .

432: pos:	lastly ,  the metal connector on the battery connector popped off because it was poorly glued . 

			neg: yes , just to the phone on the screen protectors i was looking for the num_extend

			pos: yes , little bit on this is just the iphone and it was looking for all .

433: pos:	recomiendo este vendedor porque tengo total seguridad que es una bella y honesta persona . 

			neg: thank you and the num_num issue is made it and one of num_extend to me .

			pos: plan to wear all one to say and the new device is going in .

434: neg:	it scrolls way too easily and way too smoothly . 

			neg: it will be , look very as some too .

			pos: it will be cool easily too , not too .

435: pos:	they feel good ,  they take and hold a good edge and are quite reasonable . 

			neg: they feel good , they look for easy , and a really great use .

			pos: they feel good , they look for easy , and a really great use .

436: pos:	however ,  this is an example of how rosle got it right . 

			neg: however , this is a lot of cases for the day it .

			pos: however , this is a lot of cases for the day it .

437: neg:	a little at first ,  more with each successive try . 

			neg: an great addition , num_num with a lot about these .

			pos: an great addition , num_num with a lot about these .

438: pos:	it fulfills my modest requirements ,  and exceeds my expectations in appearance . 

			neg: it charges in amazon , at a good time like the kitchen .

			pos: it charges in amazon , at a good time like the kitchen .

439: pos:	some reviewers complained of grounds in the coffee . 

			neg: some reason the cups of the box and does .

			pos: some reason the cups of the box and does .

440: pos:	just grip the sides ,  rub it over the fruit ,  and the zest practically falls off . 

			neg: just put the screen , it didn t feel with the phone , and can fit perfectly .

			pos: just put the screen , it didn t use in all side , but it looks fine .

441: pos:	i had installed two of these for the front entrance of our house . 

			neg: i had num_num of these after a lot of this phone to go .

			pos: i had num_num of these after a lot of my family of them .

442: neg:	it will hurt your nose ,  the area under your eyes ,  and especially around your ears . 

			neg: it will play off of your phone to get a few minutes , easily to your phone .

			pos: it will play off of your phone to get a few minutes , easily to your phone .

443: neg:	i had to get some from the phone store . 

			neg: i had to get some nice on all well .

			pos: i had to get some nice on all well .

444: pos:	it hasn t caused me any problems so far ,  but it s something to be aware of . 

			neg: it wasn t to try them me me and i knew that it won t be able to say .

			pos: it wasn t to try them me me and i think they re not going to be in .

445: neg:	you can probably run them over with your car and still be okay . 

			neg: you can t be done it num_num for your iphone num_extend and all .

			pos: you can t be done it num_num for your iphone num_extend and all .

446: pos:	look up videos on swype if you want to see it in action . 

			neg: not look fine with this can t like many of you in place .

			pos: not look fine with this piece if you want when you can beat .

447: neg:	the wheel oftenly stuck and wont turn on its rail . 

			neg: the clip is with a num_num cup it , it worked .

			pos: the clip is with a great use it fit , but .

448: neg:	most operations there is a noticable delay lag of num_extend to num_num seconds . 

			neg: also like there is a different reviewers of num_num times or two , etc .

			pos: also like there is a different reviewers of num_num times or two , etc .

449: pos:	you can t mess it up ,  and if you do mess it up ,  you can fix it . 

			neg: you can t keep the dishwasher , and i do you can t stay , and you will get it .

			pos: you can t keep the dishwasher , and i do you can t stay , and you will get it .

450: pos:	this car mount ,  mounts very securely but the button to adjust the width broke . 

			neg: this and it has worked fine or it is the inside from it didn t .

			pos: this and it has worked well , just to turn it just in the last .

451: neg:	there was nothing at all to indicate that belkin manufactured this item . 

			neg: there was nothing at all of things and it wasn t for this .

			pos: its it worked good to do and two of others because it .

452: neg:	my little girl wanted this for her birthday ,  so we got it . 

			neg: the num_num cup because of them for her and bought it with this .

			pos: the num_num cup because of them for her and bought it with this .

453: pos:	i like that is is durable and washable . 

			neg: i like that is good protection and made .

			pos: i like that is good and simple use .

454: neg:	this meter is technology from a decade ago . 

			neg: have a other cable to clean one product again .

			pos: this may work as an excellent value this num_extend .

455: neg:	i do not like this belt because of lack of material . 

			neg: i do not like this item for a thing is kind .

			pos: i do not like this item for a thing is kind .

456: neg:	too small and not the quality i expected . 

			neg: too small and will handle the price ! .

			pos: too small and not the quality i work .

457: neg:	it just smears it around until the water evaporates into the air . 

			neg: it didn t work on your phone while the back of a bit .

			pos: it didn t work on your phone while the little bit in .

458: pos:	the aluminum ones get stained and ugly after a few uses . 

			neg: should get for the num_num feet , they first num_num as .

			pos: the controls you can use num_num of my hair after years .

459: neg:	i purchased this based on rave reviews from others . 

			neg: i purchased this one for the money from others .

			pos: i purchased this one for the money from others .

460: pos:	you can t go wrong with this one . update :  i use this knife every day . 

			neg: you can t go wrong with this item . . . . . . i was over it s as .

			pos: you can t go wrong with this item . . . . . i was the iphone for this phone .

461: neg:	i don t know where it went looking but it was a long long trip . 

			neg: i don t know if it is two when i m looking and at a refund .

			pos: i don t know if it is two when i m looking at months and .

462: pos:	breaking up cooked hamburger ,  breaking up powdered sugar ,  etc .  .  .   . 

			neg: not well to clean it is supposed to clean , there ! .

			pos: cleaning the num_num minutes . you are also easy to say .

463: neg:	it is quiet ,  but that reflects a weak fan resulting in poor airflow . 

			neg: it is fine , so that has a more than this a great .

			pos: it is fine , so that has a more than this a great .

464: pos:	i was torn between ordering the wagner steam cleaner and this mcculloch steam cleaner . 

			neg: i was a few problems in the num_extend and have a new case .

			pos: i was a few problems in the num_extend and have great thing and .

465: neg:	on top of the poor quality and the misleading information provided ,  % of them were smashed to pieces . 

			neg: on the pan is a way , is best in num_num of them , but won t look forward .

			pos: on the pan is a way , is best in num_num of them , but won t look forward .

466: pos:	adds some bulk to phone but not a large amount . 

			neg: will be a lot for its just just can waste in .

			pos: will be a lot for its just just can waste in .

467: pos:	it s built very well and i think it will last a very long time . 

			neg: it s very hot and now that it has it at all num_num times .

			pos: it s very hot and now that it has it at all num_num times .

468: pos:	i think they should get the folks who designed the hardware to redesign the software interface . 

			neg: i am like the way that will waste some money on the taste in these .

			pos: i think they should get a try , look like a way about the screen .

469: neg:	making nutella cookies ,  very dry and hard ,  it is very frustrating . 

			neg: at the oven is well made and in all , it is very .

			pos: at the oven is well made and in all , it is very .

470: neg:	i guess maybe there are some people that this product could help . 

			neg: i guess that there really not going for , i could not .

			pos: i guess these are some people ? i d on this longer .

471: pos:	it was priced the lowest of all the choices ,  but it is an incredible piece . 

			neg: it was all on the quality of all day , but have a really hard .

			pos: it was all on the quality of all day , but have a really hard .

472: pos:	place it in the freezer and close the door . 

			neg: it fits worth the every and a lot .

			pos: it fits worth the every and a lot .

473: pos:	it also looks as pretty as the day i bought it after months of use . 

			neg: it also looks perfect for the screen on my iphone i bought it to install .

			pos: it also looks perfect for the screen on my iphone i bought it to install .

474: pos:	open carefully and handle the zippers with care . 

			neg: easy it is fine in the pans with your results .

			pos: easy it is fine in the pans with your results .

475: neg:	when i think weeding ,  i think small weeds that need to be pulled . 

			neg: when i think , i feel that that , who won t even be .

			pos: when i think , i feel that that , who won t even be .

476: neg:	with sliced cheese in lieu of french bread on a fruit and cheese plate . 

			neg: they , making an issue , and make this pan and easy to be .

			pos: they , to hold this and can t believe how a couple minutes are tight .

477: neg:	it didn t have the smell a lot complained of though . 

			neg: it didn t have the smell a lot of them .

			pos: it didn t have the smell a lot of them .

478: neg:	also noticed that the wand doesn t like to stay attached when not in use . 

			neg: also that didn t use of the you can use to put it from time .

			pos: also that didn t use of the you can use to use the cover for either .

479: neg:	some of them gave me bubbles ,  some came off right away after sticking on the screen for num_num minutes . 

			neg: some of these or two times a lot and will be able to charge the phone after num_num minutes .

			pos: some of these or two times a lot easier . . . . . . but didn t come into our cell phone and use .

480: pos:	have to make sure i turn it so the cord plugged into it blocks the light . 

			neg: you don t even buy it doesn t work on the iphone just put the fit , etc .

			pos: you have to look i have to charge and never didn t hold the pan comes off .

481: neg:	i ordered these high handle boots because i have the shorter bog boots and love them . 

			neg: i love it just good thing and i have been a good ! love them .

			pos: i love it just good thing and i have been a good ! love them .

482: neg:	i told myself that it added  character to the baker ,  that i was not  obsessive  like detective monkon t . 

			neg: i am sure i just think it to make a week , that i thought it is a lot of these .

			pos: i am sure i just think it to make a week , i thought that it is a lot of these .

483: pos:	if you forget ,  it will cement to the sides and you have to either soak it or scrub harder . 

			neg: if you use the ones , it takes up on , but not worth it around , so your own .

			pos: if you use the ones , it takes up in it . . . . just if you look at all you store .

484: neg:	i have been using it twice a day since i received it . 

			neg: i have been using it over all when i finally got it .

			pos: i have been using it over all when i finally got it .

485: pos:	it had a great cost and a great product . 

			neg: it had a great rating or a good one .

			pos: it had a great price to clean coffee one .

486: neg:	i put in a password but router won t recoginize it . 

			neg: i put in a replacement and you were didn t .

			pos: i put in a good buy one too bad this .

487: pos:	you do have to hold a bowl when catching the meat you re grinding . 

			neg: you need to play a easy on , put it is not to .

			pos: you do you can hold my counter in the , that it makes me .

488: neg:	worse ,  the controls are so confusing that it gives me a headache . 

			neg: in there is the other sizes so i can tell me of all .

			pos: in there is the other or these that i didn t hold up i don t .

489: neg:	if i could rate this product a half star that would be touch much credit . 

			neg: if i could find the one star reviews , it worked better than the better .

			pos: if i could find the one star reviews , but they really a much better .

490: neg:	now i have a game that i don t ever want to play . 

			neg: now i get this is if i don t recommend this to taste .

			pos: now i have a game that i don t buy your own you .

491: neg:	nokia knows how to design a very good interface . 

			neg: thank you and the kitchen of plastic is num_num .

			pos: perhaps how to don t clean a very good deal .

492: pos:	these type honeywells have been around a long time . 

			neg: maybe it isn t on the or a long time .

			pos: these can love the get to a few hours .

493: neg:	basically ,  this product is a ripoff on consumers . 

			neg: oh , this product is a minute of it .

			pos: oh , this product is a minute of it .

494: pos:	the cap is large enough to turn over and collect the ground beans ,  unlike the grinder this one replaced . 

			neg: the cord is easy to be in and it is a bit in and i didn t like this one .

			pos: the cord is easy to hold , but each of the screen and as if you just had the product .

495: pos:	i just wouldn t try to use it as if it were a professional model . 

			neg: i just wouldn t try to use it as i could know about a good issue .

			pos: i just wouldn t try to use it as if i won t be a item .

496: neg:	in fact ,  with all the shaking ,  it might even disrupt your game play . 

			neg: in fact , they all of the time , they make a lot of it .

			pos: in fact , they all of the time , they will be a lot if you do .

497: neg:	this is honestly the only case i ve thrown away in the garbage . 

			neg: this is not my review : i tried to the num_extend of the .

			pos: i also can love the product only so i get great in it .

498: neg:	i ve had many lighters and this one might be the best . 

			neg: i ve used this num_num , because it just not a reason .

			pos: i ve used this num_num , but this should be one of .

499: neg:	its good that its made in canada rather than china . 

			neg: its good ! .

			pos: its good ! .

500: pos:	i have had no problem with either piece and highly recommend the products . 

			neg: i have had no problems with the screen so better than it s really .

			pos: i have had no problems with the very cheap but i really know .

501: neg:	now it s just another car charger  like the other num_num i already had and didn t really want another of !   . 

			neg: now it still had a month , i gave it is just i decided to give to be a year .

			pos: now it still had a month , i gave it is just i decided to give to be a year .

502: neg:	the return shipping cost via prime is more than what the actual refund would be . 

			neg: the seller again , two is more , but not worth the reviews ? .

			pos: the seller again , two is more expensive . . . . i ll didn t seem to me .

503: neg:	this machine is no match for the new consoles . 

			neg: this is the small phone out if one too .

			pos: this is the small phone out if one too .

504: neg:	if they had performed as billed ,  it would have been a good deal . 

			neg: if they had and it is the second buy this game is the good .

			pos: if they had and it is the product for it could have a good .

505: pos:	as a single man ,  this is a perfect product for my morning drink . 

			neg: as a few of it was a first , and this one on time .

			pos: as a few of it was a first , and this one on time .

506: neg:	maybe i just got a bad one but i would recommend staying away from these . 

			neg: maybe i just got a bad one but i would something better but not better .

			pos: maybe i just got the better size but i would recommend getting more good buy .

507: neg:	i contacted the company and they said that the shipment had been lost . 

			neg: i contacted the family of these and i had a lot i had the best .

			pos: i contacted the family of these and i had a lot of these this product .

508: neg:	it s the lame players that drives halo multiplay into the ground . 

			neg: it s the blades , so i really hard on my strong fit .

			pos: it s the blades , so i really hard on my strong fit .

509: neg:	good for one day only . and opi test this product on animals . 

			neg: but is one after it was very disappointed in this review on shipping .

			pos: but is one after it was very disappointed in order this product .

510: neg:	first of all ,  syrup shouldn t run ,  it should ooze . 

			neg: first of all , there is to see the other way it .

			pos: first of all , there is to the product ? it does .

511: pos:	it stays stable in your ear very nicely and is surprisingly very comfortable . 

			neg: it feels like to no place very sharp and was pretty well , etc .

			pos: it feels like to no place very sharp and was pretty well , etc .

512: neg:	great idea ,  but for me ,  just didn t fit my needs . 

			neg: great idea , but for me , just didn t fit over .

			pos: great idea , but for me , just didn t fit right .

513: neg:	also it gets very hot while plugged in ,  which freaked me out . 

			neg: the battery is done easy to use my , and not going to .

			pos: the battery is done easy to use , my phone out better than .

514: neg:	returned product but from what i ve heard it does the job . 

			neg: i m over it , but i ve ever to the phone top .

			pos: i m over it , but i ve ever to the phone top .

515: neg:	i had others try ,  just to be sure it wasn t me but it did not fit . 

			neg: i would ve used a better game too bad it but it was not not after the screen .

			pos: i would ve used a better game too bad on battery . . . . it is not never didn t .

516: neg:	drinking the coffee was slightly less unpleasent than the smell suggested it would be . 

			neg: my really think the coffee is pretty you can t believe it would be .

			pos: my really think the coffee is pretty you can t believe it would be .

517: neg:	it is worse then no lube because it gets soooo sticky . 

			neg: it is not at all me for this case out , .

			pos: it is not at all me for this case look fine .

518: pos:	this little butter bell is a fantastic buy . 

			neg: this little oil does work a product too .

			pos: this little oil is right quality , they will .

519: pos:	this headset is awesome ,  the sound quality is truly amazing . 

			neg: this headset is awesome , the sound quality is awesome .

			pos: this headset is awesome , the sound quality is awesome .

520: pos:	i would have given a five star if the packaging with some bubble wrap . 

			neg: i would have another reviews and one of it with a more of them .

			pos: i would have another reviews and one of it with a more of them .

521: neg:	birds or squirrels . tried num_num different kinds of bird food . 

			neg: made a year later they are different one to taste num_extend

			pos: made a year out now are different in their num_extend etc .

522: neg:	 unless you re singing a bass part .  .  .  .  it s a pity ,  really ,  because otherwise the sound quality is quite good . 

			neg: unless you don t work in the price you don t say , but it s a great size , and the num_extend is cheap .

			pos: unless you don t work in the price you don t say , but it s a great size , and the sound quality ! .

523: pos:	nothing bad to say about this wonderful innovation at all . 

			neg: there are out about another product and they look perfect .

			pos: there are some about these for the num_extend at all .

524: pos:	not only does it do the job very well ,  the price is right . 

			neg: not only also you get them off and all the price , its kind .

			pos: not only also you get it very fine and the sound , i m not .

525: pos:	it stay clean and does not collect food stains . 

			neg: it takes and clean the battery is supposed to say .

			pos: it takes and clean the battery is way too .

526: neg:	however ,  definitely does not work like a new battery . 

			neg: however is it is not a better ones as great only .

			pos: however is it is not a better ones as great only .

527: neg:	what a ripoff !  learn from my mistake ,  do not buy . 

			neg: what is the long as much size , it won t pay on .

			pos: when there is and worth my money to the graphics do not buy .

528: neg:	i ve used other ones that were better and lasted me more than one day without any sprays . 

			neg: i ve used that other people who were so good for me just get them on two .

			pos: i ve used that were only better and that were just worth the num_num stars with the right .

529: neg:	and still the focus was extremely soft or just plain terrible . 

			neg: works great on my hair is no more nice from .

			pos: works great on my hair is no more nice from .

530: pos:	i never have problems answering the phone this way with my blackberry . 

			neg: i never have to these all the case it to replace the time .

			pos: i never have to these all the case it to replace the time .

531: neg:	i also tried a cheaper brand of slip on rubber broad heads . 

			neg: it was now a big thing but had a way to install .

			pos: it was now can be purchased a fan of any good job .

532: pos:	easy to apply and it works very well . 

			neg: easy to use all on now very well .

			pos: easy to use all on now very well .

533: pos:	in the summer ,  when the flies are marinating at a simmer ,  getting within num_extend is not advisable . 

			neg: in the time , in the pans and will be a long time , but it is really a refund .

			pos: in the time , in the pans and will be a long time , but it is really a refund .

534: neg:	other brands in this large of a container are glass . 

			neg: now , looking like some of a nice things are nice .

			pos: now , looking to have a large side are very .

535: pos:	i wore my first one out by pouring hot gravies in it . 

			neg: i was the second and will be a long while in the .

			pos: i received a best set up enough to be in my skin down .

536: pos:	also ,  don t use that yellow cloth to clean your phone . 

			neg: also , like its expensive that comes off or the water .

			pos: also , you good like that looks to clean in water .

537: pos:	the cord is extra heavy to resist tangling . 

			neg: the cord is too large for your new .

			pos: the cord is too large for your new .

538: neg:	yes ,  they are light ,  and are not durable at all . 

			neg: yes , they are light , and are not well at quality .

			pos: yes , they are light , and are not very pleased out .

539: neg:	there is some tension in them after assembly ,  and they disconnect pretty quickly . 

			neg: there is out a lot on these and when they clean out of very .

			pos: there is lots of them in two when i m very with a lot too .

540: pos:	i bought this to hold some of my  overflow  knives that would not fit into my knife block . 

			neg: i bought this to hold a lot of these and this is not able to have a cup .

			pos: i bought this to hold the big one , i m going on the usb cord has been great .

541: neg:	for me ,  however ,  it was not something i d use again . 

			neg: for me , however , it was not something because it s better .

			pos: for me , however , it was not something because it s better .

542: pos:	follow a super simple recipe with basic ingredients ,  and have delectable crispy waffle cookies in a few minutes . 

			neg: the plastic is made in three minutes , that s a lot of use a few hours of tea .

			pos: the plastic is made in three minutes , that s a lot of months with a few minutes .

543: neg:	after trying to fix num_num with only minor problems i have decided to cut my losses . 

			neg: after using out of these and try it i would recommend it from a set .

			pos: after using out of these and try it i would recommend it from the coffee .

544: pos:	i purchased these batteries based on the reviews of others . 

			neg: i purchased these num_num stars on the reviews of others .

			pos: i purchased these num_num stars on the reviews of others .

545: neg:	she could have decorated her carrying case herself . 

			neg: she doesn t have two and have a few times .

			pos: she doesn t have two and it fits ok .

546: neg:	there are companies that make dog biscuits with the activated charcoal in it . 

			neg: there are that will be that it really like it a while you .

			pos: there are that should so they may have long in our device .

547: pos:	i think i give the edge in sound quality to jaybird ,  but not by a wide margin . 

			neg: i think i wouldn t have a water from the money , but not to be a waste , etc .

			pos: i think i wouldn t have a water from the money , but not to be a waste , etc .

548: neg:	i ve learned that companies make varying degrees of quality . 

			neg: i ve own this is much of their life of quality .

			pos: i ve own this is much of their life of quality .

549: pos:	it just sits in standby ,  which will last a long ,  long time . 

			neg: it just in num_num of times , but they don t be long as well .

			pos: it just in num_num of times , but they don t be long as well .

550: neg:	thought ,  hey why not try something different might work . 

			neg: because there is the best much something more one more expensive .

			pos: because there is the best much something really had different .

551: neg:	as far as they re concerned this is a tub of water ,  not a litter box . 

			neg: as num_num uses it , that s the size is supposed to the quality and the pan .

			pos: as num_num years it s isn t , and it can all a little of the price .

552: neg:	audio isn t a religion and these are not holy water . 

			neg: although the taste is one that so no problem is strong . .

			pos: unfortunately taste of one good ! they its kind of water .

553: neg:	i m sad because others seemed to really like it ,  but mine just didn t work . 

			neg: what was wish that is on about a bit but i would not use a few times .

			pos: what was wish that is on two than those , but it does not num_num years .

554: neg:	i also enjoyed the smell ,  a little fruity with a hint of coconut . 

			neg: i also said to the bottom is hard to send the num_num of in .

			pos: i also said to the bottom is hard to send the num_num of in .

555: pos:	doesn t really reduce the fat anymore than most cooking methods . 

			neg: doesn t be not a lot better , just think people .

			pos: doesn t be not a lot better , just think people .

556: pos:	it is hard to go to anything else now that i have used this . 

			neg: it is hard to do it to be so that i would buy this .

			pos: it is hard to do it to be so that i would buy this .

557: pos:	the cookbook that comes with it is adequate . 

			neg: the reason and you re they came all .

			pos: the reason and you re they came all .

558: neg:	the stove comes with no canister !  !  !  take into consideration when buying it . 

			neg: don t stay on them and work out , they are fine on it on .

			pos: don t stay on them and are nothing to store , while using it will .

559: neg:	overall ,  i do not recommend this to anyone and i will not be ordering from this seller again . 

			neg: overall , i do not recommend this to replace me , but will not be buying one .

			pos: overall , i do not buy better but it will be one , but they won t be one .

560: pos:	sometimes i m there for up to num_num hours . 

			neg: then i don t work on a too at all .

			pos: then i don t work on a too at all .

561: pos:	it has a num_num year warranty on defects too . 

			neg: it has a num_num stars and it didn be much .

			pos: it has a num_num stars and it didn be much .

562: neg:	the real thing is nong shim shin noodle ramyun . 

			neg: the metal will thought of and they should be my .

			pos: the metal thing is there and had a lot better .

563: neg:	this sounded so tasty from the reviews and the flavors were enticing .  .  . so i ordered some . 

			neg: i didn t work by i m in a new battery . . . i am going to replace it .

			pos: i didn t work by i m in a new one ! ! i haven t give it off .

564: neg:	this just doesn t have enough power to massage my shoulders and neck . 

			neg: this just can have it great enough to have a few days .

			pos: this just can have it great enough to have a few days .

565: neg:	with a couple of bucks you could make something a lot better yourself . 

			neg: with a couple of people in you won t be any good away .

			pos: with a couple of people in you won t be the big num_num .

566: neg:	pokemon ranger has to be one of the shittiest and most pointless editions to the pokemon franchise ever . 

			neg: thank you great , this can be a week would be a phone , they can t have .

			pos: thank you good amount of my own size of the num_num is , but it can t go .

567: neg:	i had much better luck with the other three pairs mentioned . 

			neg: i had much better with this food will now for the dog .

			pos: i had much better luck with the num_extend new review , .

568: pos:	this cover does exactly what it is designed to do . 

			neg: this cover does exactly what it is designed to do .

			pos: this cover does exactly what it is designed to do .

569: pos:	easily moved to various locations depending on need . 

			neg: cleaning it is easy with one piece i do .

			pos: cleaning it is easy with one of things you .

570: pos:	i have read reviews from wine experts that it doesn t work . 

			neg: i have read reviews and can not so i like the num_extend things .

			pos: i have read reviews and can be happy i have a better .

571: pos:	and do not remove part one of the screen until part two is applied . 

			neg: and do not like a one of the screen protector it was easier to install .

			pos: and do not like a one of the screen protector it was easier to install .

572: neg:	the top portion where it has the fluval logo must be above water at all time . 

			neg: the top of times , it has not a lot of very good at the phone .

			pos: the top of times , it has not a lot of very good at the phone .

573: neg:	i bought as a gift ,  so was a little embarrassed the materials weren t a bit better . 

			neg: i bought as a gift and this is and not a lot of the screen protectors for me .

			pos: i bought as a gift and this is and not a lot of the screen protectors for me .

574: pos:	i would have hated to put disposable filters every time when using coffee maker . 

			neg: i would have to use the num_num minutes when i use like my good headset .

			pos: i would have to use the num_num minutes when i use like my good headset .

575: neg:	i could have bought a $ mini and it would have worked just as well . 

			neg: i could have bought a better price and it didn t have already num_num months , .

			pos: i could have bought a few people and the only set of them and was not .

576: pos:	when purchased i discovered there was a newer product update :  model num_extend

			neg: when i saw these of amazon and the product only good reviews .

			pos: when i bought this stuff and there was the best brand and other .

577: neg:	be gentle with this pencil ,  it is not made for practical use or anything !  !  !  . 

			neg: too tight i don t use it , not a much better , so they are very pleased .

			pos: too tight i don t use it , not a much better deal and they look better ! ! .

578: pos:	i just got this and recently got a chance to use it . 

			neg: i just got this and received gave it in a month with .

			pos: i just got this and was getting on a month or this .

579: neg:	it s like i got an extension cord and male outlets on both ends . 

			neg: it s like this for the cord worked fine for the phone took up .

			pos: it s looking for this set up easier , but it came up .

580: pos:	then along came this zester which i use constantly . 

			neg: then came through this was bought like it ! .

			pos: then came through this was bought like it ! .

581: pos:	i purchased it from one of the first  infomercials  . 

			neg: i purchased it from one of the first place .

			pos: i purchased it from one of the first place .

582: neg:	 the bowl is too light  we even had it on a rubber mat . 

			neg: the bowl is too easy used it for they can have a great charge .

			pos: the bowl is too easy used for they will have a nice gift .

583: neg:	will break in over time though ,  it s rubber . 

			neg: will stay over in time though , it s kind of .

			pos: will stay over in time though , it s kind of .

584: neg:	it is so small . get a racket ball . pass this one by . 

			neg: it is better and you can all the fact about this size .

			pos: it is better and you get a great deal i have a good buy .

585: neg:	i do love tea ,  but these ingredients sound a bit too harsh for me . 

			neg: i know there works , but i m not pretty well , not num_num hours .

			pos: i know there works , but i m not very close up , num_num stars .

586: neg:	that is not to say that these treats are bad by any means . 

			neg: that is not to say that these are not or to get .

			pos: that is not to say that these are not or to get .

587: neg:	the buttons to extend the arms worked exactly one time before breaking . 

			neg: the look of the num_num times down and only received it worked .

			pos: the look of the num_num times down and only as it worked .

588: neg:	i m sure it depends on your age and body type . 

			neg: i m sure it , it seems like num_num and second .

			pos: i m sure it , it seems like num_num and second .

589: neg:	overall they look and felt like a well made shoe and would have loved them to fit him . 

			neg: still looking at its , and can t work and it was not able to have to work .

			pos: still looking at its , and can t work and it was not able to have to use them .

590: pos:	what s not to love ?  !  ?  !  it makes my plain white ceramic crock look like junk !  . 

			neg: what s not that there and that are easily , it is not a great deal with all ! .

			pos: what s not that there and that are easily , it is not a great deal with all ! .

591: neg:	the transmit strength on this compact num_extend is pretty strong . 

			neg: doesn t all on it was a very small look right .

			pos: doesn t all on it was a very small look right .

592: pos:	there is no ac charger ,  only a cigarette lighter charger with a micro usb plug on one end . 

			neg: there looks good on the few times , but it really has been a couple of over it .

			pos: there looks good on the few times , but it really has been a couple of over it .

593: neg:	generally if a toy makes noise ,  i don t mind so much . 

			neg: but you don t a good amount of that , love there ! .

			pos: but you don t a good amount of that , love there ! .

594: pos:	i recommand smaller size for everyday use . but i like this pan . 

			neg: i wouldn t feel but for the few so i purchased in this pan .

			pos: i wouldn t feel but for the few so i purchased in the knife product .

595: pos:	toasts bread ,  muffins and bagels with lots of options to choose . 

			neg: skin has easy for num_extend or this to be made of it free .

			pos: cuts , works in and dry these to a big things like .

596: neg:	there was almost nothing i liked about this product . 

			neg: there was very glad i haven t had this product .

			pos: there was very glad i haven t had this product .

597: neg:	i used the product for five days straight before running out . 

			neg: i used the product for num_num weeks , so our strong again .

			pos: i used the product for num_num weeks , so our strong again .

598: neg:	my num_num year old didnt like to do this at all and thought it was boring . 

			neg: my num_num year old than it to use it are the num_num years , but did .

			pos: my num_num year old than it to use it may work for my other phone .

599: pos:	i haven t used them yet as the old one isn t broke ,  just yet . 

			neg: i needed something so it and it was not the one but did not be disappointed .

			pos: i needed something so it and it was not one one . . . the num_num months .

600: pos:	tastes in between the classic american blonde ale and cowboy golden lager . 

			neg: needless to all of the pan so far in a few people .

			pos: needless to all of the pan so far in a few people .

601: pos:	i purchased the screen protectors for my evo . 

			neg: i purchased the screen protectors for my life .

			pos: i purchased the screen protectors for my life .

602: neg:	and ,  yes !  i did use clumping litter ,  the good kind . 

			neg: and don t now when i are exactly what a smaller size .

			pos: and , that did what works . it was a small side .

603: pos:	i m very happy with it . i did have one problem within the first couple months of use . 

			neg: i m very happy with it said it did but it has been a few months of time .

			pos: i m very happy with it s this one day . . . it was a cup of my money .

604: neg:	so i guess it s really a matter of preference . 

			neg: so i say it s just really in the price .

			pos: so i say it s just really in the kitchen .

605: pos:	put homemade pizza sauce on top then add pepperoni and fresh mushrooms . 

			neg: like easy them as the look for the skin and look a charm .

			pos: like easy them as the look like every num_num minutes of cooking .

606: pos:	i almost didn t buy these because of the bad reviews ,  but i like  em . 

			neg: i was right for it would i wanted a waste of money with this price .

			pos: i was right for it i d have an money , but i ll replace it .

607: neg:	first of all ,  this will void whatever warranty you have with microsoft . 

			neg: first , not a deal it s a lot why i have to me .

			pos: first , not a deal it s a lot why i have to me .

608: pos:	this is the old faithful water filter pitcher . 

			neg: this is the num_extend it great of the iphone .

			pos: this is the num_extend it great of the iphone .

609: pos:	i shall be ordering a second one in the not too distant future . 

			neg: i ll last very disappointed in the size one will be too .

			pos: i ll last very disappointed in the size one will be too .

610: neg:	and it is very possible that these are good cables . 

			neg: and it is very far if that were looks good .

			pos: and it is very far if that s really good .

611: neg:	what slides over the back is a silicone cover then a hard and slippery cover over that . 

			neg: he like the screen protector and didn t just a lot of coffee and it is a charge .

			pos: while i didn t clean up the cable is a bit to hold as a few times .

612: pos:	would be five stars if it was out of slightly heavier material . 

			neg: probably would be disappointed with this one really made of the quality .

			pos: probably would be disappointed with this one really made of the quality .

613: pos:	all technology becomes cheaper eventually ,  but if you think you need it ,  it s totally worth the num_extend stars . 

			neg: no others isn t fine for that , i can t buy it . . . . . . i m not worth it s wrong .

			pos: no others isn t fine for that , i can t buy it . . . . . . . i m not worth it s wrong .

614: pos:	we use a bread machine to prepare the dough and provide the first rise . 

			neg: we use a good like your phone for lots of plastic day this pan .

			pos: we use a good like the counter and it may hold my first .

615: neg:	it will not fit like the model unless the sides along the chest area is taken in . 

			neg: it will not fit in one i don t hold the day and could be a problem .

			pos: it will not fit in one i don t hold the day and could be a problem .

616: neg:	the bottom part is stretching after only a month of owning the case . 

			neg: the game is a phone before you gave it is an this case .

			pos: the game is a phone before you gave it is an this case .

617: neg:	our dog is scared of thunder and fireworks and the thunder shirt makes no noticeable difference in him . 

			neg: they also great for the products is , and it just a lot of water back on the smell .

			pos: they also great for it is different , and it didn t be a lot of water will fit .

618: pos:	i ve been happy with most oxo products i ve purchased . 

			neg: i ve been happy with most others and i ve had others . i like i .

			pos: i ve been happy with most others and i ve had others . i like i .

619: neg:	i bought two eight packs an num_num out of the pack broke within one month use . 

			neg: i bought two of num_num of num_num bit of the order for my iphone num_num times .

			pos: i bought two of num_num of num_num bit of it over the years ago for them .

620: pos:	it s good to go the next morning ,  completely clean . 

			neg: it s better a problem with the second time and all inside .

			pos: it s good to go in the best time easy , .

621: neg:	but it didn t do anything for my face . 

			neg: but it didn t do to use it first .

			pos: but it didn t do to use it first .

622: neg:	i got this for my num_num month old daughter for christmas . 

			neg: i got this for my num_num month old bought for my new purchase .

			pos: i got this for my num_num month old bought for my new purchase .

623: pos:	one appliance we tried had the heating element inside the carafe and gave the water a burned plastic taste . 

			neg: just purchased these for them on the screen protector , it just a couple of water is great .

			pos: just purchased these for them on the screen protector , it just a couple of glass and holds up .

624: pos:	other than that small problem ,  this is a great bt headdest . 

			neg: other than that is like it , most is very in one .

			pos: other than that is like it , most good up in me .

625: pos:	feels like it ll float away if it s not plugged in ,  lol . 

			neg: easy it , you are just buy it , but it s a little .

			pos: easy it has to be . . . i can t recommend this phone around the price .

626: pos:	it can be a pain to pull out and turn the knob enough to disengage the cover . 

			neg: it can be a little to break and you hold up , but it didn t hold in you .

			pos: it can be a little to break and you hold up , but it didn t hold in you .

627: pos:	everyone is always commenting on how cute the cases look and where we got them . 

			neg: these is very like it was supposed to use , at all i returned it .

			pos: these is very like it was supposed to use , at all i bought it .

628: neg:	they pee in it about once a week ,  if that . 

			neg: they can tell it and after all for a product results .

			pos: they can find me it and after a good if i made .

629: neg:	i only ordered on here because they were alot cheaper . 

			neg: i only ordered it for one that i own more .

			pos: i only ordered it for one that i own more .

630: pos:	i followed the instructions and threw away the first num_num batches of coffee . 

			neg: i saw the num_extend and it is a try from a few times .

			pos: i saw the num_extend and it is a try from a few times .

631: neg:	insert the micro usb to your phone and enjoy your widescreen display . 

			neg: didn t store to the water and it is easily like some .

			pos: didn t store to the water and it is easily to have great .

632: neg:	to ataris credit ,  this game was a bit fun . 

			neg: to check , one of this case all some expensive .

			pos: to cook in one , this isn t very nicely .

633: pos:	loved the deffender case hated the apple phone . 

			neg: mine like the phone was on the num_extend coffee .

			pos: mine like the good case it just perfect .

634: neg:	i say this as a guy with fairly thin wrists too . 

			neg: i tried the reviews , on num_num of your num_extend or .

			pos: i tried a product , but come to a very better .

635: neg:	i bought this for her when she was nine months old and she showed no interest . 

			neg: i bought this for her several times and it was still great with the num_extend num_extend

			pos: i bought this for her several times and i was very well didn t own both .

636: neg:	trying to slide to a different screen instantly turns it back off . 

			neg: for any kind of plastic or the num_extend two times around out .

			pos: if look for the different up a few times they fit very nicely .

637: pos:	it can t be tightened at that point to fix it . 

			neg: you will be a couple things so you saw you go .

			pos: you will be a month or used because you make it .

638: pos:	wrapped around me easily to tuck in for getting ready at the gym . 

			neg: easily didn t made or in over another and it to use from it .

			pos: your iphone up to be in it and i didn t take for at .

639: neg:	so rather than being forced to pay interact for a num_extend upgrade ,  go there instead !  . 

			neg: maybe heavy to find out of them from money . . . . . . the good luck with num_extend

			pos: maybe heavy to find out of them from money . . . . . . the good luck with num_extend

640: neg:	it not educational or exciting and it s annoying . 

			neg: it will be a very though , it works .

			pos: it will be a very though , it works .

641: neg:	in our home which is num_num stories ,  it did not boost the cell phone range well . 

			neg: in her skin is num_num years of all it wasn t not it a few months later .

			pos: in our own coffee is so the num_extend of the same price and it is no all .

642: neg:	i spent $ for the num_extend and overall it was not worth the cost . 

			neg: i expected for the price and right now , the only cost longer .

			pos: i expected for the price and right now , the only cost longer .

643: neg:	im thinking num_num gem stones in at least a num_num inch wheel . 

			neg: these is over for num_num to the other and in num_num times .

			pos: these is over for num_num to the other and in num_num times .

644: pos:	i use it quite often ,  and it looks and functions as well as the day i bought it . 

			neg: i use it off and it s easy and it is as well as it stopped using it .

			pos: i use it quickly and it s easy and it was great as well when it broke .

645: neg:	i can use a creamy concealer on it . 

			neg: i can use a little time if you charge .

			pos: i can use a little time if you charge .

646: neg:	all the earlier re games have an annoying tendency of allowing the character to die ,  a lot . 

			neg: all the people who don t make my favorite to make the machine and can t help in all .

			pos: all the people who don t make my favorite to make the reviews , to protect the meat .

647: neg:	i ve had this vice ,  bench ,  or cradle ,  whatever you might call it . the material is strong . 

			neg: i ve had this , and it makes much quality , and it will get , don t be good .

			pos: i ve had this , and it makes much quality , though , it could not , not , etc .

648: pos:	so i purchased another knife sharpener for this our num_num yankee swap . 

			neg: so i purchased this num_num for this machine took me at a .

			pos: so i purchased this num_num for this machine took me at a .

649: pos:	blade release buttons are simple to use which makes cleaning easy . 

			neg: the plastic handles are to clean that comes and easy little .

			pos: the stainless steel things are difficult to use was easy to clean .

650: neg:	if you like it ,  fine :  come back here and buy it . 

			neg: if you like it , and will also work with num_num for it .

			pos: if you like it , and will also work with num_num for it .

651: pos:	i ordered it and it was delivered well in time . 

			neg: i ordered it and it was exactly at , my opinion .

			pos: i ordered it and it was working as well in it , .

652: pos:	its high quality ,  cooks nice ,  cleans nice ,  and looks nice . 

			neg: there is great , don t clean , and the phone sturdy and does .

			pos: there is sturdy , does a heavy use , also clean up and .

653: pos:	even though the upgrade was purchased through the ovi store ,  it would not install . 

			neg: even though the item as they can t believe it s a lot of mine .

			pos: even though the item and this doesn t work with the first way that did .

654: neg:	even though it it more powerful than the playstation ,  it is still second to it . 

			neg: even though it will be careful , an issue and it is the num_extend had it .

			pos: even though it will be that in the screen , i wouldn t work on the time .

655: neg:	one of the biggest gripes i had with this game was how the fighting resembled mortal kombat s style . 

			neg: one of the positive reviewers , i took it on the reviews , that s a bit of these .

			pos: one of the one of these for this i have a lot of these , and it s one is .

656: neg:	shame on what otherwise has been a reliable company with several other respectful products . 

			neg: needless to find this phone a way because i ll try many years later ! .

			pos: needless to find this phone a way because i ll try many years later ! .

657: pos:	my husband is excited about it because he s the main chef in our house . 

			neg: my husband is thinking about several times that it s a day in our house .

			pos: my husband is thinking about several times that it s a day in our house .

658: neg:	the only time i ever played doom on the pc was when someone installed the simpson ? s wad . 

			neg: the best i never purchased it with the best for the price , i did not use out , .

			pos: the best i never purchased it with the best for the price , i did not use out , .

659: pos:	it s works consistently ,  cleans up easily ,  stores a way nicely . 

			neg: it s works fine . there makes well and the water of the dishwasher .

			pos: it s works fine . there makes well and the water of the dishwasher .

660: neg:	they are horrible !  !  !  i really think they are fake . 

			neg: they are all ! so that . . there is so can recommend .

			pos: they are all ! so that . . there is so can recommend .

661: neg:	any character can be anything you want and carry any weapon you want  for a necessary price  . 

			neg: you really can do to store , not to use it in more than this is fine .

			pos: you really can do to me , and you need to protect it is getting a better .

662: neg:	my husband said it was obvious so i had to return it . 

			neg: my husband said it was going for many times you try on .

			pos: my husband said it was recommended and i try to order it .

663: neg:	speedloader is very hard to use especially with an extended magazine . 

			neg: s nice and seems to use , two of using little .

			pos: s nice and seems to use , two of using little .

664: pos:	i bought this is a gift for my brother . 

			neg: i bought this is a gift for my needs .

			pos: i bought this is a gift for my needs .

665: neg:	mind you the oem xoom charger is not like that at all . 

			neg: it , just like it was really like this is so to be .

			pos: it is on the kitchen but also had not use to work fine .

666: pos:	not as good as my plantronics headset , but certaintly good enough for the times i am listening to music . 

			neg: not as good as my review is as much fine , but i m not using it is too .

			pos: not as good as my review is as much fine , but i m not using it is too .

667: neg:	not what you want to be putting on our face if your fighting acne and oily face . 

			neg: not what you want to be done for it in any kitchen and it is great .

			pos: not what you want to be done for it in any kitchen and it is great .

668: neg:	i bought this because it came with great reviews ,  however my lab mix had it apart in hours . 

			neg: i bought this because it came with a good item , and it had a lot of them for me .

			pos: i bought this because it came with a good item , and it had a lot of them for me .

669: pos:	the front of the case features a sliding cutter ,  allowing you to neatly cut bags in a straight line . 

			neg: the pan will handle , the first and had to make a long time you are a lot of a water .

			pos: the handle in the fact is the phone by the reason , they can be a lot of meat in all .

670: pos:	until i removed it to wipe everything down including my little camera eye in the back . 

			neg: since it doesn t use them without a bit that did a little bit in it .

			pos: since it doesn t use them without a bit that did a little bit in it .

671: neg:	for the price tag ,  its nothing to rave about . 

			neg: like other times down and it is going to go ! .

			pos: for the price , nothing is it at all with you .

672: neg:	i mean she felt apart she broked down in a hundred pieces . 

			neg: i m only well so he didn t seem in my taste quickly .

			pos: i m only well so he didn t seem in my taste quickly .

673: neg:	i had to buy one out on the road . 

			neg: i had to buy one out of it over .

			pos: i had to buy one out of it over .

674: neg:	i have a dobie so it would be insulting to offer him just one of these tiny treats . 

			neg: i have a few people on these and make the back of one that will be a year .

			pos: i have a few problems . . i just not used a lot of one but they really a problem .

675: neg:	the hummers will love your simple ,  homemade nectar and you will have saved a ton of money . 

			neg: the cost it s nice , they are a screen , i have to buy a good stuff .

			pos: the cost it s nice , they are a screen , i have to buy a good stuff .

676: pos:	 : pi also have limited space in my kitchen . 

			neg: customer : the color comes out fine in my kitchen .

			pos: customer : the color comes out fine in my kitchen .

677: neg:	this particular variety is rather lacking in the flavor department . 

			neg: this might be also better in the quality way are .

			pos: this might be also better in the quality way are .

678: pos:	wish it had a crank or something to make it easier . 

			neg: wish it had a lot and need to make it away .

			pos: wish it had a lot better to keep to make it are .

679: neg:	i m tired of cheaply made ,  high priced appliances . 

			neg: i m getting a kitchen made quality taste and .

			pos: i m getting a kitchen made quality taste and .

680: neg:	i won t give this to the new puppy i m getting . 

			neg: i won t wish it doesn t be buying num_num times because not .

			pos: i won t give this to the num_num stars that was fit .

681: pos:	maintenance cleaning is fast ,  neglected cleaning takes more time and repeated cleanings . 

			neg: cleans up , and are the buttons at home , not work when etc .

			pos: cleans up , and are the look great for them , very disappointed .

682: neg:	i bought this skillet for steaks and fried potatoes  , and fried eggs . 

			neg: i bought this mixer for a few things , and cleans up , etc .

			pos: i bought this mixer for a few things and the oven and taste .

683: neg:	if it doesn  have threads and has a geometrical triangle pattern on the side of it ,  skip this cap . 

			neg: if you got it is a case , but to make the unit , it has been just like .

			pos: if you got it is a case , so the part of the device to have a week .

684: neg:	i tried to get a bucks attention during the rut and he didnt even turn his head . 

			neg: i tried to get a couple of them and it does num_num hours with the store .

			pos: i tried to get a couple of them and it does num_num hours with the store .

685: neg:	note that i got mine from an amazon store called  small appliance  . 

			neg: okay i am using it didn t good go by num_num , new .

			pos: otherwise i bought it : set up for one or money to customer .

686: pos:	i also love it because the jar is plastic . 

			neg: i also love it for the item is easy , .

			pos: i also love it for the item is easy , .

687: neg:	i had this pen for about a week and a half before it dried up . 

			neg: i had this for about a week and a month and it didn t work .

			pos: i had this for about a week and a month and it didn t work .

688: pos:	this is a very good product and has done a very good job foe me . 

			neg: this is a very good case , i m a screen and all two , etc .

			pos: this is a very good case , i m a screen and looks a refund .

689: neg:	i really should return it ,  but have already disposed of the box like a dummy . 

			neg: these should be on it : but it can t believe it in a waste of time .

			pos: i really don t go only fine if i m not to see the reviews from .

690: pos:	as stated by the many reviews ,  this is an exceptinal carpet cleaner . 

			neg: as a local store this , which has some one , num_num .

			pos: as a local store this , which has some one , num_num .

691: neg:	i purchased a thai stick and followed the instructions ,  putting it on wet right after a shower . 

			neg: i purchased a couple of its great , when it didn t hold it on my at all .

			pos: i purchased a couple of its great , when it didn t hold it on my at all .

692: neg:	the buttons are easy to press and it answers without any issues and seems fairly reliable . 

			neg: the buttons are easy to place , but it takes them to keep a better job .

			pos: the buttons are easy to place , but it takes them to keep a better job .

693: neg:	i practically felt like i threw away my money on this one . 

			neg: i m sure was on me that as an order this item .

			pos: i m sure was on me and i ll set this one .

694: neg:	rechargables do not power this toy at all ,  you have to use regular ,  and it drains batteries fast . 

			neg: nothing can t work on the products , but will make it in and use , and it worked well .

			pos: nothing can t work on the products , but will make it in and use , and it worked well .

695: pos:	delicious over fruit and kashii go lean crunch cereal . 

			neg: just use up , num_num stars on your num_num .

			pos: just use up , num_num stars on your num_num .

696: pos:	you ve probably seen them use it on iron chef . 

			neg: i can say it s even after this for an problems , i .

			pos: i can say it s even after this to replace .

697: neg:	maybe it just needs broken in and some fine fitting . 

			neg: maybe it just won t work in a at all .

			pos: maybe it just won t work in a at all .

698: neg:	after four days of that ,  i gave up and chucked it . 

			neg: after num_num weeks of that , i gave up and played it .

			pos: after num_num weeks of that , i just bought very in it .

699: pos:	the other thing is that the silicone attracts a lot of lint from your pockets . 

			neg: the other thing is that the filter is worth a lot of water for some .

			pos: the other thing is that the filter is worth a lot of water for some .

700: neg:	in num_num thq came out with this wrestling game . 

			neg: in num_num came out , i took an issue .

			pos: an use one and come with this type of it .

701: neg:	i now use ll ,  only three days and i already feel the coarser texture of my lashes . 

			neg: we love the money and it s num_num star . . and it was a lot of the oven .

			pos: we love the money and it s num_num star . . . and this is a lot of the time .

702: pos:	i think that dsp manager is the stock one for android phones . 

			neg: i think that are the original num_num of the charger works for amazon .

			pos: i think that are the battery life in the years ago so .

703: neg:	i didn t have enough of them to return . 

			neg: i didn t have enough of them to return .

			pos: i didn t have enough of them to return .

704: neg:	sigh ,  i have better things to do than beg my dog to eat . 

			neg: don t since i need to be used it , instead of it again .

			pos: don t since i need to be used it , more , i wouldn t .

705: neg:	i ve tried everything ,  even putting ice cubes in the water ,  he just doesn t like it . 

			neg: i ve tried use it very comfortable , it to hold the phone and didn t have to it .

			pos: i ve tried use it very comfortable to put it all in a bit , but it doesn t .

706: neg:	it seems to go right through your system only lasting about an hour or two . 

			neg: it seems to go down some one of them again , they wouldn t be back .

			pos: it seems to go down the two more .

707: pos:	i purchased this to replace a knife that was lost . 

			neg: i purchased this to replace a knife that was able .

			pos: i purchased this to replace a knife that was able .

708: pos:	all you need is a few swipes of this sharpening steel on the blade and you re all set . 

			neg: not how a problem is small and this doesn t make a case , it s a little for it .

			pos: no idea you re a great coffee that you have a bit of my kitchen , but it does .

709: neg:	i cannot recommend this product for anyone trying to fix a leaky transmission . 

			neg: they would think it for one that they can spend a few .

			pos: they would think it for one that they can spend a few .

710: neg:	they fit small and fit weird ,  the waist was too high and the style was all wrong for me . 

			neg: they look nice for all of the back , and the num_extend is good , but probably not impressed .

			pos: they can be very perfectly on the small screen protector , and s just good one .

711: pos:	it would have been perfect if it was a tad bit smaller . 

			neg: it would have been a week when i just a bit good .

			pos: it would have been a week when i just a bit good .

712: pos:	nevertheless ,  it does a fine job for what it is supposed to do . 

			neg: needless , it does a fine job for what it is supposed to do .

			pos: well doesn t believe the job fine and if it s a lot better you do .

713: neg:	for me this was a most disappointing product . 

			neg: for three times most , also purchased stuff .

			pos: for me this was a product is one .

714: pos:	it is not often you see a company stand behind its products without the least bit of prompting . 

			neg: it is not how . you didn t believe it , so no problems in the screen protector with .

			pos: it is not much the product on all . . . i m going to turn the back device .

715: neg:	i carefully followed the instructions quoted by other reviewers ,  but it still did not work . 

			neg: i both of course , at a new price , it s did just expected .

			pos: i both of course , at a new num_extend product , it s still just .

716: neg:	this is just a little too low quality . 

			neg: this is just a little too high quality .

			pos: this is just a little too high quality .

717: pos:	all came well sharpened and ready to go . 

			neg: all uses for all and took a lot sure .

			pos: all uses for all and took a lot sure .

718: pos:	i have had two of these cans outside for over a year . 

			neg: i have had two of these eggs in num_num times for a replacement .

			pos: i have had two of these eggs in num_num times for a replacement .

719: pos:	this cuts down on waste and you don t have to ingest harmful propellants . 

			neg: it does like it to be , this game but you can t work .

			pos: it does like it to be , i didn t like you want me , .

720: neg:	the lid is the best part of the pot ensemble . 

			neg: the lid is the best part of the pan .

			pos: the lid is the best part of the pan .

721: neg:	this is due to the short lived cheaper lasers they put in them . 

			neg: this is looking in their size , so to see with a refund .

			pos: this is looking in their size , so to see with a refund .

722: neg:	i tried burning through itunes as well as roxio and i am not a novice . 

			neg: i tried out of my ear as well as that s just as bad .

			pos: i tried some for the hair as well as i am just want the price .

723: neg:	whatever the case ,  i couldn t be more unhappy with this purchase . 

			neg: done , one , i didn t work more than it on these .

			pos: done , one , i didn t work more than it on these .

724: neg:	these make great little night lights for the kids . 

			neg: these look just a very like these from this .

			pos: these make great up a month is on me .

725: pos:	i ve tried the pulls with prongs that go along side the cork . 

			neg: i ve used it also used it by these on of the sound .

			pos: i ve used it also used it by these on of the sound .

726: neg:	i think i am just too used to modern games which are a lot more forgiving . 

			neg: i think i am just so to be used is more , but really can do .

			pos: i think i am just even better than those or which is not to be .

727: pos:	games like gem journey are easier to play with a stylus like this . 

			neg: instead you think there are easy to go to use of the product .

			pos: instead you think there are easy to keep if you are in this product .

728: pos:	no dead pixels ,  no dead touch areas ,  and the viewing angle is just like the oem . 

			neg: no heat , then the water and to protect the price and the other a lot of the price .

			pos: no protection then the water , or the num_num times and in the food , but not a problem .

729: pos:	it is great if you have more than one guest to serve . 

			neg: it is a better thing you will be for one piece of them .

			pos: it is great if you have more than one of them from .

730: neg:	i didn t like the smell ,  very strong and i gave me a headache . 

			neg: i didn t like the picture , or num_num and it s just as bad .

			pos: i didn t like the taste in all work and with the num_num star size .

731: neg:	i ve not had this happen with my wusthofs . 

			neg: i ve probably have been glad i take my opinion .

			pos: i ve probably have been glad they see fine .

732: neg:	be sure to only inflate it half way or less ,  if its over inflated it will be very uncomfortable . 

			neg: too bad i have a month out of the num_num minutes . . . . . . . it didn t be a lot better .

			pos: too bad i have a month out of the num_num minutes . . . . . i didn t add a lot better ! .

733: pos:	as a flower child s child ,  growing up ,  i saw these at every commune we lived . 

			neg: as a new product , so there is the fact that use it at three weeks .

			pos: as a new product , so there is the years of use them for many times again .

734: pos:	i made beef bolognese in the oven and it turned out wonderfully . 

			neg: i do plastic like any pan and the iphone back with all .

			pos: i do plastic like any pan and the iphone back with all .

735: pos:	that is ,  the spill risk is very low even in pitching and rolling boston s subway . 

			neg: that is like the sound , num_num minutes or not like num_num months of them , so .

			pos: that is the machine , not very well and can t look fine , so i m not .

736: pos:	i got this as a gift for my son . 

			neg: i got this as a gift for my son .

			pos: i got this as a gift for my son .

737: pos:	i think this size wont do a bigger bird than num_num pounds . 

			neg: i think this size ? it can be ok for little better .

			pos: i think this size ? it can be ok for little better .

738: neg:	first ,  there is nothing about this to really write home about . 

			neg: first , there is going with the num_num had high something better .

			pos: first , there is going with one of those or num_num stars much .

739: pos:	making seperation and cross contamination containment a very easy . 

			neg: to num_num months , they also easy to clean .

			pos: to num_num months , they also easy to clean .

740: neg:	the item was considerably different quality than pictured . 

			neg: the item was all than is less than amazon .

			pos: the item was all than is less than amazon .

741: pos:	i cannot wait to show it off ! thank you !  . 

			neg: i ll stick it off with the very ! i want .

			pos: i ll stick it off you work . . and you recommend .

742: pos:	scrambled eggs come out beautifully in this pot ,  as does chocolate ganache and buttercream frosting . 

			neg: sometimes fit well made in the time for the case is a few of them , etc .

			pos: then the look well to in my opinion , the coffee was easy to use .

743: pos:	the roomba just thinks it s furniture and doesn t go up on it . 

			neg: the cord is the try them and this is right through it in it .

			pos: the cord is any year old , it is able to charge it down .

744: pos:	the measuring spoons would make a great stocking stuffer for any kitchen queen . 

			neg: the really wish you can all just num_num of these like how pretty .

			pos: the really wish you can all just great with this kitchen to send me .

745: pos:	the zester was easy enough to clean after use . 

			neg: the charger is very nice for easy to use it .

			pos: the charger is very nice for easy to use it .

746: pos:	if i had to critique ,  i d say that the entire thing is a bit of a contraption . 

			neg: if i had to believe that the other reviewers , i d have a little a lot of phone .

			pos: if i had to , i d own the fact that it isn t a little in the low price .

747: neg:	$ is too much to pay for a $ cable . 

			neg: now are large at that to me , as good .

			pos: now are large for much better through amazon as small .

748: pos:	but for now ,  i m quite happy with this . 

			neg: but for now , i m quite happy with this .

			pos: but for now , i m quite happy with this .

749: neg:	i ve read technical reviews on other adapters and they all say the same thing . 

			neg: i ve read a wish many of my other num_num bucks there , it will have .

			pos: i ve read a similar review , so far all with a try the problem .

750: neg:	they corrected the listing and now it looks like they have the right bags pictured . 

			neg: they leave the num_extend and it was so do the way it came out of its .

			pos: they leave the price and it works not what it doesn t get num_num times .

751: pos:	take the plug off and put it in the dishwasher !  how easy is that ? it s good size . 

			neg: keeps it to clean in my hand while you can t work and , that s not a good deal ! .

			pos: keeps it to clean in my hand while you can t work and , that s not a good deal ! .

752: pos:	perfect size for preparing dishes . it really works well . 

			neg: perfect size for cooking game works with no num_extend works .

			pos: perfect size for cooking game works with no num_extend works .

753: neg:	so i d recommend you get something else a little bit more expensive and save yourself the hassle . 

			neg: maybe that . . they can t do not be worth a very great deal or something . . . .

			pos: maybe that . . they can t do not be worth a very great deal or something . . . .

754: neg:	hopefully you won t have to go through this nonsense . 

			neg: unless you are it doesn t go to on amazon .

			pos: unless you are it doesn t go to get review .

755: pos:	that said ,  it wouldn t matter much where this appliance was made ,  it totally rocks . 

			neg: that said , it would be to find it , and it s a new game .

			pos: that said , it would be careful if it is , i am a lot of them .

756: pos:	 the last time i did it was a year ago  . 

			neg: the last time i did it was a year ago .

			pos: the last time i did it was a year ago .

757: pos:	this product is being used for dollar size pancakes . 

			neg: this product is what they decided to as little .

			pos: this product is what they decided to as little .

758: neg:	i agree with the others that this was tough to open . 

			neg: i agree with the others that this was supposed to hold .

			pos: i agree with the others that this item easy to play .

759: neg:	i am trying to replace a num_num year old polder timer that looks very similar to this one . 

			neg: we ve recently had a few times about num_num times and not really expected and had the box .

			pos: we ve recently had a few times about num_num times all they are great for one of it .

760: neg:	i must find a way to return them . 

			neg: i read a try of the store with these .

			pos: i must find a way to return them .

761: neg:	just look at the container ,  its tomato sauce ,  what could go wrong . 

			neg: just look at the picture , and it is out of this product ! .

			pos: just look at the picture , and it is out of this product ! .

762: pos:	it also separates the solution from the water so you can rinse as you go which is wonderful . 

			neg: it is the phone didn t want to be done and it could not like that works fine .

			pos: it also doesn t work in the screen protectors to to use this game and it is not better .

763: neg:	does increase volume but does not feel nice to the touch . 

			neg: does not fine but the handle is really in the job .

			pos: does not fine but the handle is really in the job .

764: neg:	i don t see what others have liked about this . 

			neg: i don t believe it , i wish they could find .

			pos: i don t believe it , i wish they could find .

765: neg:	it also gets a little moronic when you have to fight a bunch of undead . 

			neg: it also didn t feel easy on this if you re a bit of course .

			pos: it also didn t feel easy on this if you re just a lot of .

766: pos:	i can carry it in my pocket and use it when i need to . 

			neg: i can t use the charge in and use it when i do like you .

			pos: i can use the charge in its fine use when i need on them .

767: pos:	the tiny green light on one side is very bright when fully charged . 

			neg: the rubber look quality on the first just very comfortable device and it .

			pos: the rubber look nice this game is a very sharp for my iphone screen .

768: neg:	the seller leaves a piece of paper saying if you re not happy with your order email us . 

			neg: the company is an a lot , but you re worth it and it won t make it .

			pos: the company is an a lot , but you re worth it and it won t make it .

769: neg:	i have no idea why this is a cult favorite . 

			neg: i have no reviews with this is also an money .

			pos: i have no reviews with this is also an money .

770: neg:	it makes an annoying sound when it is on . 

			neg: you really don t a bit when i m any product .

			pos: you really don t a bit when i m any product .

771: neg:	it gives a slight itch sometimes but is easy to brush on and gives full coverage . 

			neg: it can also use an iphone and is just to get as large and it does too .

			pos: it can also use an iphone and is just to add on a few months out .

772: pos:	but i do think the zagg does have a better resistance to scratches and dings . 

			neg: maybe if that it is the unit , not to work for a num_extend

			pos: maybe if that it is the top had a lot better and you are perfect .

773: neg:	me too is a nice brand and make very comfortable shoes . 

			neg: nothing great than a great case that seems too long .

			pos: nothing great than a great case that seems too long .

774: pos:	apparently there are thirteen more words required to successfully submit this review . 

			neg: there is about some good issues to make my dog on this .

			pos: there is about some good issues to make my dog on this .

775: pos:	love it !  really handy to set by the stove . 

			neg: s only use num_num minutes to have a couple of .

			pos: s only use num_num minutes of them in pan .

776: pos:	of course ,  the other side of that is that it looks incredible sitting on the counter . 

			neg: don t like a good problem , that makes these and it s a bit of it .

			pos: don t like a good problem , that makes these and it s just in the dishwasher .

777: neg:	i treated it very gently ,  and it didn t last long at all . 

			neg: i enjoy the very long time in the price it looked at all at .

			pos: i enjoy the very long time in the price it looked at all at .

778: pos:	adequately long cord . made in china ,  hence no reliability . 

			neg: needed in and taste if you are a phone out .

			pos: needed in and taste if you are a phone out .

779: neg:	the jeans were not tight in any way ,  so it wasn t that . 

			neg: the cost work not in you get up with the price that i don t .

			pos: the cost work not in you get up with the price that i don t .

780: neg:	it s the tannest ivory i ve ever seen !  and it s crazy thick . 

			neg: it s a problem again i like it s now they re fine .

			pos: it s a problem again when i have found how far , it s very .

781: pos:	however ,  anyone with a little sense can easily tell this is not for the european sgs ii . 

			neg: however , so you can be a bit of them , but it is not been a better .

			pos: however , so you can be a bit of them , but it is not been a better .

782: neg:	poor quality control . actually it looks like used pedal ,  not like new . don t recommend this product . 

			neg: quality is not the sound , so it doesn t work of that don t think it would recommend this .

			pos: quality is not the sound , so it can t work . . . this is that can t know this .

783: pos:	but this one does the job very nicely . 

			neg: but this one does the water and perfectly . down .

			pos: but this one does the job very perfectly .

784: neg:	the price is fine ,  just a shame that it might not be that sturdy . 

			neg: the price is fine , just , but not sure that isn t be less expensive .

			pos: the price is fine , just , but not sure that isn t be less expensive .

785: pos:	you need to manually set the device back to paring mode in order to pair with another cell phone . 

			neg: you need to replace the lid on two , look forward in this buy for a chance for me .

			pos: you need to replace the lid on two minutes of us in using it to replace my own .

786: neg:	with this i say i work giving support to the u . s . 

			neg: with this s i am going to be a problem ? it .

			pos: with this s i am going to be a problem ? it .

787: neg:	we tried doing it the way another reviewer did it ,  in a video but failed time and again . 

			neg: we tried with the same only way . . . . the second num_num times in a few days .

			pos: we tried with the same only way . . . . the second num_num times in a long time and tried .

788: pos:	it does not do anything to cover the front or have a lip of any kind . 

			neg: the only look to make it a bit , you can t be able to the problem .

			pos: it does not do to come in the screen , you just can t have to .

789: neg:	first things first ,  make sure you are ordering the right headset . 

			neg: unfortunately , and it makes you re going to didn t last product .

			pos: unfortunately , and it makes you re going to didn t last product .

790: pos:	i m a fan of symbian and find it easy to operate . 

			neg: i m a thing to understand , but he doesn t hold by it .

			pos: i m a thing to install , i bought a lot to store .

791: pos:	plugs the ipad into my car and works great . 

			neg: not using a bit my car and works great .

			pos: not using a bit my car and works great .

792: pos:	i m convinced vacuum sealing works just as advertised . 

			neg: i m afraid it is just so my good fit .

			pos: i m afraid it is just so my good fit .

793: neg:	this game offers nothing unique and the graphics are not worth raving about . 

			neg: this game is nothing with a great item should look much of these .

			pos: this game is nothing with a great item should look much of these .

794: pos:	my phone is also in a form fitting case that i keep in this pouch and it fits fine . 

			neg: my phone is also a bottle , and it seemed to use this device and doesn t dry job .

			pos: my phone is also in the coffee and you re able to replace it as it is a water .

795: pos:	this case is amazing !  !  !  it fits perfectly and it protects it perfectly also . 

			neg: this case is still , so ! it , looks perfectly when it does its job .

			pos: this case is still , so ! it , looks perfectly when it does its job .

796: neg:	another  energy  product that simply wastes our money . 

			neg: none of these , although some reviews with all .

			pos: none of these , one different on kitchen .

797: neg:	very well designed and easy to figure out . 

			neg: very well made fine and easy to do either .

			pos: very well made fine and easy to do either .

798: pos:	it does not move to and fro as another reviewer described . the blade on this unit can be replaced . 

			neg: it does not hold it and for a replacement . . . i didn t have a whole thing for some time .

			pos: it does not hold it and for a replacement . . . . i didn t have a whole thing for me .

799: neg:	this is the only nautilus shoe i ve ever tried so take my fitment complaints with a grain of salt . 

			neg: this is the best but it s i tried it worked for something like it is a lot of them .

			pos: this is the best but it s i tried it worked for something like it is a lot of them .

800: pos:	i like it better than any of the forman items . 

			neg: i like it better than any difference in it are .

			pos: i like it better than any difference in these or .

801: neg:	within a year ,  everyone noticed that its cosmetic and physical condition deteriorated greatly . 

			neg: within a few times i re good for them and its a different issue .

			pos: within a few times i re good for them and its a huge deal .

802: neg:	this game gives you no incentive to keep playing . 

			neg: this game doesn t look of both to go away .

			pos: this game doesn t look a try or the iphone .

803: pos:	i use this thing to core out the inside of a potato . 

			neg: i think it on it is to fit in a lot of .

			pos: i think it on it is to fit in a lot of .

804: pos:	once it dies i will purchase a better unit . 

			neg: once you now on it s two a product .

			pos: once it s one with it wasn t a deal .

805: pos:	otterboxes are a little bulky ,  but nothing protects better for the price . 

			neg: usually can be fine , look first but they work for the price .

			pos: usually can be fine , water but i really works for the price .

806: neg:	they ve changed the formula and now i notice after an hour or so my hair appears oily and limp . 

			neg: we have no time i m glad we didn t recommend it for a very well for a few weeks .

			pos: we have no time i m glad we didn t recommend it for a very well for a few weeks .

807: neg:	i thought this was the hard plastic screen cover and it isn t . 

			neg: i thought this case makes a bit nice and it isn t not .

			pos: i thought this case makes a bit nice and it is the only expensive .

808: pos:	i am not very good at decorating baked goods ,  and this tool makes everything look a professional made it . 

			neg: i am not very good and they hold and this is that the water , and takes out of them .

			pos: i am really still easy for good or it is , and it is a little much out of them .

809: pos:	this style of meat pounder is sort of commodity like . 

			neg: this isn t easy to was really hard this , like .

			pos: this isn t easy to was really hard this , like .

810: neg:	would suggest using one of the toy bubblers amazon sells . 

			neg: would suggest using one of the same reviews , these .

			pos: would suggest using one of the same reviews : try .

811: pos:	i don t think i could have asked ,  or gotten a better cordless headset . 

			neg: i don t think i have had a lot better , and will be years of .

			pos: i don t think i have had a lot better , and will be years .

812: pos:	nice not to have a burner going for hours . 

			neg: just a lot of this is working at this and .

			pos: just a lot of this is working at this and .

813: neg:	i don t think she is on board with the idea of something that she can chew ,  but not destroy . 

			neg: i don t think she is on , you can t recommend it and give it is looking at a fan .

			pos: i don t think she is on , you can t recommend it and give it is looking for some expensive .

814: pos:	that will kill off all the lint that got trapped under and remove all bubbles . 

			neg: we don t actually hold the price at the time , and it is easy to .

			pos: we don t actually hold the price at the time , and it is easy to clean .

815: neg:	plus ,  it s not very filling ,  even for rice . 

			neg: plus , it s not very uncomfortable , even for bread .

			pos: plus , it s not very uncomfortable , even for bread .

816: neg:	i ve used it once and i won t be using it again . 

			neg: i ve used it once and i won t be using it again .

			pos: i ve used it once and i won t be using it again .

817: neg:	one of the gimmicks of this game was that it was a fighting ,  shooting ,  and driving game . 

			neg: one of the bag of these this product is on my own , which is a day , not .

			pos: one of the bag of these this one , i don t use a few months of it is , .

818: pos:	i want another set !  !  !  i have another ,  cheaper set that i use only as backup now . 

			neg: i can i work with this and guess i ve been looking , but i . . . i was only for num_extend time .

			pos: i can use it again , but i recommend this game that . . . . . . . i was a month now i am .

819: neg:	i also bought the num_num foot one and have no doubt it s not sheep or lambs skin . 

			neg: i was just two years , its just didn t do it and they re not great .

			pos: i just love the num_num times and didn t make it and it s not really well , .

820: neg:	the cables seem rather basic and work well ,  except one problem . 

			neg: you really can also long hair and that looks in this battery .

			pos: you really can also work long and , so not the product .

821: neg:	this cord seemed like a deal and got good reviews . 

			neg: this cable doesn t use in a wish that was perfect .

			pos: this cable doesn t use in a item that was nice .

822: pos:	i can t believe i haven t owned one of these before . 

			neg: i can t believe i haven t noticed a review about mine .

			pos: i can t believe these for amazon is on this new purchase .

823: pos:	this unit makes the best french fries i ve ever made . 

			neg: this unit is the way reviews now i have to say it .

			pos: this unit makes the best of now i have used .

824: pos:	it s probably my phone but it happens constantly since i got the battery . 

			neg: it s did a replacement , it works but after it was my device .

			pos: it s did a replacement , it works but after it was my device .

825: pos:	i believe a professional transaction is just as important and adds to the quality of the item . 

			neg: i m the reviews and an excellent price , which not a bit of this pan .

			pos: i m the reviews and an excellent price , which not a bit of this pan .

826: pos:	it works with all types ,  but works best with roma tomatoes . 

			neg: it works with no quality , so far as it s more .

			pos: it works with no quality , so far as it s more .

827: pos:	just received the case today ,  two days after receiving my epic touch num_extend from amazon wireless . 

			neg: just received the first time after a few weeks with the battery life and didn t work .

			pos: just received the first time after a few weeks with the battery life and didn t work .

828: neg:	that does not hold true for this product . 

			neg: that does not hold a month if this product .

			pos: that does not hold a month if this product .

829: pos:	careful when using steak knives however because they will scratch these plates . 

			neg: for it , so like fact that only try it from them .

			pos: for it , so like fact that only try it from them .

830: pos:	just wipe the plates with a paper towel . 

			neg: great have an iphone or this water enough .

			pos: great have an iphone or this water enough .

831: pos:	it also charges my device so when i wake up i have a full battery . 

			neg: it also was right when i use and it will have a good charge .

			pos: it also was right when i use and it will have a good charge .

832: neg:	i bought these expecting a soft head ,  but it was rather hard and i really don t like them . 

			neg: i bought these looking and not a use , but it is not , and not looking for you .

			pos: i bought these looking and not a use , but it is not a better , but you will .

833: pos:	if you pump it up less than about num_num times ,  you ll get a stream ,  not a mist . 

			neg: if you didn t pay a better look for another size , i can t be a lot of the job .

			pos: if you charge the different sizes for more .

834: pos:	i bought these six months ago when they were $ through amazon prime !  i couldn t pass up the deal . 

			neg: i bought these months ago with my other people with amazon and it s just a chance of these .

			pos: i bought these months ago with my other people with amazon and it s just looking forward to the best .

835: pos:	i wire tied the offending wire out of harm s way and all is well . 

			neg: i just like there a bit more like it s a very low price ! sound .

			pos: i just like there a bit more like it s a very low price ! sound .

836: neg:	i had high hopes for this product since i bruise easily . 

			neg: i had high hopes for this product since i wash me .

			pos: i had high hopes for this product since i wash me .

837: pos:	i can t believe that i didn t buy these sooner . 

			neg: i can t believe that i didn t buy these .

			pos: i can t believe that i didn t buy these .

838: pos:	the recipe that comes with it is tasty . 

			neg: the reason and you re they came all .

			pos: the reason and you re they came all .

839: pos:	it s still going great ,  i just needed more capacity . 

			neg: it s still really well , this num_num really wanted me .

			pos: it s still really well , one were pretty needed .

840: pos:	like i said ,  it does a similarly excellent job for pork chops and other relatively lean cuts of beef . 

			neg: like i thought it in the phone is in all and i m going to be fine for a new .

			pos: like i thought it in the phone is in all and i m going to be good for a chance .

841: neg:	this is called cheating !  i expected canister with fuel at least . 

			neg: this is cheap on now ! do this num_num bucks to use .

			pos: this is cheap on now ! they don t even be for $

842: neg:	the inside of the case that contacts the phone is not smooth at all . 

			neg: the inside of the case that does not use a screen protector and there look .

			pos: the bowl of the phone , i didn t are a screen and it looks too .

843: neg:	the graphics of out break were with out doubt quite possibly the best num_extend has ever seen . 

			neg: the graphics can be them out why they are right , the screen protector i had it .

			pos: the graphics can be them out why they are right , the screen protector i would recommend this .

844: neg:	it opens cans ok ,  but no better than the old fashioned openers . 

			neg: it s a better but the num_num and won t taste on amazon too .

			pos: it s a better but the num_num and won t taste on amazon too .

845: pos:	also ,  the knife is easy to maneuver despite its length . 

			neg: also , this pan is pretty like and it is not .

			pos: also , this pan is easier to install it is awesome .

846: neg:	this extreme bottle didn t have any scent that make me feels it not working well . 

			neg: this didn t like the only have to make me and it s some not work .

			pos: this one to the device i should do not used a bit with it looks really .

847: neg:	and when holding a chord ,  the sustained sound would cut out after a few seconds . 

			neg: and as how in the screen , this is no way at the num_num months .

			pos: and when making the low , this is not no way after num_num minutes in them .

848: neg:	they don t look like cardboard anymore ,  but they are just really ugly ,  really pixelated sprites instead . 

			neg: they don t look like and you are still looking at a bad products are not just , but .

			pos: they don t look like long . . . just that is not going to be great , but not .

849: pos:	i have no doubt that it will hold up well through the years . 

			neg: i have no complaints that it doesn t look very around this for me .

			pos: i have no complaints that it doesn t look very around this for me .

850: pos:	if you know how to use it ,  it might last a long time . 

			neg: if you know how to use it , it would be my long as .

			pos: if you know how to use it , it would be my long as .

851: neg:	i d rather be a little less healthy and a little more happy . 

			neg: i d be a little more light from a few seconds out .

			pos: i d be a little more light from a few seconds out .

852: neg:	it s really pretty much just alcohol ,  and because of that it stings . 

			neg: it s really really made in num_num months , but that has to buy .

			pos: it s really really made in num_num months , but because you re looking .

853: neg:	the bottle is tiny and despite what is written ,  the bottle doesn t have a dropper . 

			neg: the bottle is a long time are , but it has a way on the machine .

			pos: the bottle is a long time are , but it has a way on the machine .

854: neg:	try explaining to a two year old why her tattoo keeps  breaking  . 

			neg: we can actually an iphone num_num times we gave me to the num_extend

			pos: we can actually an iphone num_num times we gave me to the num_extend

855: pos:	i had two problems ,  one caused the rating to num_num num_extend

			neg: i had two problems , one of one with a num_num num_extend

			pos: i had two problems , one of one with a new num_extend

856: neg:	the kids thought it was great ,  but it got old pretty quick . 

			neg: the only think it was great , but it broke right away from .

			pos: the only price , this is great but it broke over some very much .

857: pos:	it stays on and i unplug it when it s done . 

			neg: it keeps this and i use it on it s every problem .

			pos: it keeps this and i use it on it s every problem .

858: pos:	it s a hard plastic case ,  but with a matte finish and a really silky feel to it . 

			neg: it s a light , nice and i don t like a few minutes and not a lot of them .

			pos: it s a nice , plastic , but it has to be a good job and keeps it out of .

859: neg:	this did not stop odor and my pets wanted to eat it . 

			neg: this did not eat a few times and it can even buy .

			pos: this battery should come and my good buy a month out if it .

860: neg:	marineland does a very good job with their led aquarium systems . 

			neg: my really feel a very good deal with some day products .

			pos: my really feel a very good deal with some day products .

861: neg:	once the charger is removed ,  the phone starts working ,  again . 

			neg: finally the time , but the phone makes it works well in .

			pos: finally the time , but the phone makes it works well in .

862: neg:	have to make sure it is put on right or coffee and grounds all over . 

			neg: you need it can t use it from the phone and they feel great as hot .

			pos: you need it can t use it from the phone and they clean a few months .

863: pos:	for the price ,  this is a good buy . 

			neg: for the price , this is a good buy .

			pos: for the price , this is a good buy .

864: neg:	wheels are really ,  really cheap plastic . two stars because you can ride it ,  just at a snail s pace . 

			neg: are not better quality up very cheap but the ones , i just have to be a few weeks of them .

			pos: are not better quality up great better .

865: neg:	the second time i took this to the range ,  i started to notice that i wasn t hitting the target . 

			neg: the second time i had it for a lot of these when i m going to have a good .

			pos: the second time i had it for a lot of these when i m going to have a new product .

866: pos:	i had a less powerful one for num_num years before it finally gave out . 

			neg: i had a great looking for num_num times and i bought it num_num over again .

			pos: i had a great looking for num_num times and i bought it num_num over again .

867: pos:	and it s a bread knife and nothing all that special . 

			neg: and it s a cell phone and it is cheap things .

			pos: and it s a cell phone and it is cheap things .

868: neg:	it s the year num_num now ,  and they re still making games that don t work . 

			neg: it s the num_num year now , and they re really that s num_num months ? .

			pos: it s the num_num year now , and they re really that s num_num months ? .

869: neg:	and theres no warning on any of these cans that i can identify . 

			neg: and all about into the problem they re looking for those who don t .

			pos: and all about into the problem they re looking for those who don t .

870: neg:	i should have expected since the only pictures i saw were art work and not game enviroment . 

			neg: it s this isn t at best i have good so far from all of this .

			pos: it s this isn t at best product i haven t work great , but not like .

871: pos:	no need to find storage place because it fits in any shallow drawer . 

			neg: not to even , it is as what you put the back to fit .

			pos: not to even , it is as what you put the back to fit .

872: pos:	this one has a simple system for changing out blades and is made from thick stainless steel . 

			neg: this one has a great idea of them and more that are just nice enough , etc .

			pos: this one has a great idea to say is going to be great and light weight .

873: neg:	like they glued it together and shipped it out it seemed . 

			neg: had made it when water at both have any num_extend with it .

			pos: had made it when cleaning up though it didn t need them .

874: neg:	i did not purchase my set from this vendor . 

			neg: i did not got this and the same plus .

			pos: i did not got this and the same star .

875: neg:	they are cheerios ,  afterall ,  and we love the original kind . 

			neg: they are okay , to use , now that it wasn t fine .

			pos: they are okay , to use , now that it wasn t fine .

876: pos:	i used to use a good cooks brand safety opener and really liked it . 

			neg: i used to use a great idea that would work great as they have .

			pos: i used to use a great idea that the num_extend which is two stars .

877: neg:	it makes a farce out of a good num_num num_extend

			neg: it makes a lot of num_num of a few num_extend num_extend

			pos: it makes a lot of num_num of a few num_extend num_extend

878: neg:	i was disappointed to see this; in my mind ,  solder does not equate with stainless steel . 

			neg: i was disappointed to see in my skin , it is just in it is supposed to .

			pos: i was disappointed to see in my skin , it is a bit of it is better .

879: neg:	it could be that i live in an apartment with hills and trees around . 

			neg: it could be that i ll turn it in num_num for your money off .

			pos: it could be that i ll turn it in num_num for your money up .

880: pos:	it really cut down my cooking time and has enabled me to experiment more as well . 

			neg: it up takes up it as well , and it s not just for a better .

			pos: it up takes up it as well , and it s not a num_num to use .

881: neg:	however ,  our cocoa of choice is from their indulgent collection and is called dark chocolate sensation . 

			neg: ok , this is supposed to read num_num of a new cell phone are different , but .

			pos: however , each thing is to a num_num stars , are a new food as fun .

882: neg:	i miss my days of cracker eating before becoming gluten free . 

			neg: i contacted it and read out for these , at all .

			pos: i contacted it and a try , so it s heavy .

883: pos:	then both of them go into the dishwasher . 

			neg: then both of them go into the dishwasher .

			pos: then both of them go into the dishwasher .

884: neg:	great idea for a toddler toy but the microphone breaks or cracks when trying to work . 

			neg: great idea for a replacement type of times and can do not use for a refund .

			pos: great idea for a replacement type of times and can do not use for a refund .

885: neg:	both rub my dog raw and cause bleeding . 

			neg: still the price for all num_num for the other .

			pos: still the price for all num_num years of .

886: pos:	i love my lodge omelet pan and use it almost every morning . 

			neg: i love my wife of months and it and it charges every day .

			pos: i love my wife of months and it and it charges every day .

887: pos:	tablets charge slowly ,  but that s to be expected . 

			neg: sometimes the charger enough , so i may be much skin .

			pos: then the case to and that i really don be much .

888: pos:	however signal between transmitter and receiver does not work between insulated patio glass door . 

			neg: however , look great as it is easy to not work perfect to clean .

			pos: however , look great as it is easy to not work perfect to clean .

889: pos:	however ,  an increasingly terrible dust allergy and trip to the allergy doctor convinced me to give one a try . 

			neg: however , can all the num_num minutes to replace the screen protector with a lot of these instead of another .

			pos: however , can all the num_num minutes to replace the screen protector with a lot of these instead of another .

890: pos:	i purchased this blender after seeing its number one rating by a leading consumer website . 

			neg: i purchased this mixer after the other battery for the different reviews from the dog .

			pos: i purchased this mixer after the other battery for the different reviews from the dog .

891: neg:	do not buy . i didn t expect much because of the cost . 

			neg: do not buy it because will be buying as you ll have .

			pos: do not buy it because will be buying as you ll have .

892: neg:	few ,  if any ,  are working as expected and thus i can t trust them for any backup work . 

			neg: and , you won t use your num_num months and that i m not worth it to send them off .

			pos: and , you won t use your num_num months and that i m not worth it to replace me either .

893: neg:	my mothers dog has one from walmart ,  and my dog steals it every time we go home . 

			neg: didn t think once most of my num_num minutes , and i did it s started to use . them .

			pos: didn t think now the most months or a gift and i did it s with each time .

894: pos:	this pan i have had for one year . 

			neg: this pan i have had one for christmas headset .

			pos: this pan i have had one for christmas headset .

895: pos:	i do seem to need to invest in some better popcorn . 

			neg: i do make to to do of the num_num to work .

			pos: i do make to to do of the num_num to work .

896: neg:	i did not buy from a num_extend party seller . 

			neg: i did not buy a better size at amazon .

			pos: i did not buy a better size at amazon .

897: neg:	it s just amazing how many flaws this game had ,  campared to how awesome the first game was . 

			neg: it s just all for many times you re the same , which is in the same reviews .

			pos: it s not great for several , i can t problems , it s a a second one .

898: pos:	bento spoon and the boker knife which is quite nice . 

			neg: each like is a set that and is an excellent job .

			pos: each knife makes for this is and had a very nice .

899: pos:	really confused ppl riding with me at first . 

			neg: not too , it worked with at first .

			pos: not too , it worked with at first .

900: pos:	i use the windshield mount with just the phone in my car because of size considerations . 

			neg: i use the batteries on the water but it was a whole product as much fine .

			pos: i use the batteries on the water but it was a whole product for a refund .

901: neg:	while the mascara is soft ,  it is not full . 

			neg: while the controls , and makes it was not easy . . . . .

			pos: while the controls , and makes it was not easy . . .

902: neg:	just try it once or twice more; i did ,  and my roots are silky soft and very clean . 

			neg: just after these out and it is now when it s a great job and made and fast .

			pos: just after these out and it is now when it s a great job and made and fast .

903: neg:	i ordered two of them and both arrived within a week . 

			neg: i ordered two of them and both my son and a day .

			pos: i bought the only two minutes and several times all over it .

904: neg:	also ,  it creates more static than the one i m used to . 

			neg: also , it won t be great on this is worth buying from .

			pos: also , it won t be great on this is if something better .

905: pos:	i finally made he purchase and am glad i did . 

			neg: i still use it for now now , i finally did .

			pos: i still use it for now now , i finally did .

906: neg:	the dark coloring makes it impossible to view on the indoor setting when under bright lighting . 

			neg: don t hold the num_extend out of the time to put it , from the hair .

			pos: don t hold the num_extend out of the time to put it in a few seconds .

907: pos:	i can t remember when i first bought this timer . 

			neg: i can t use this product now for this one .

			pos: i can t use this product now for this one .

908: pos:	it does not slip all over the place when using . 

			neg: it isn t not all over it in my time with .

			pos: it isn t not all over it in my time with .

909: neg:	overall it is inconvenient to keep the counter and the unit clean . 

			neg: also i m getting out of your phone and the cover is tight .

			pos: also i m working on some light and it fits the job .

910: pos:	coming from an asian background it s not something we normally cook with . 

			neg: to be just can t tell me it s about num_num of these .

			pos: to be just the lot that it will still used to these .

911: pos:	it should reconnect easily when you are in the num_extend

			neg: it should be exactly like how your second screen .

			pos: it should be exactly like how your second screen .

912: pos:	now i just need to buy a catch can for the bottle tops . 

			neg: now i just need to buy a little for this to the coffee .

			pos: now i just need to buy a little for this to the coffee .

913: neg:	it s this second part that really grosses me out . 

			neg: it s this game was looking more , then not out .

			pos: it s this game was looking more , then not out .

914: pos:	the extra width comes in very helpful to keep eggs from falling off . the handle is stainless and sturdy . 

			neg: the really like at a lot and they look just a piece of it and is great fine .

			pos: the really like to be my ear look forward to hold and the filter is a very good sound .

915: pos:	i have had to replace the paddles as they wore out . 

			neg: i have had to order from the time that took up .

			pos: i have had to order from the time that took up .

916: neg:	because these knives will greatly appreciate on the collector s market . 

			neg: which i guess it from that it should have num_num weeks .

			pos: that i was any num_num for you should have num_extend several .

917: pos:	it does everything well except crush ice without liquid ,  i rarely do that . 

			neg: it does everything and it too easily , didn t need for many ! .

			pos: it does everything and it too easily , didn t need for many ! .

918: pos:	i liked this and was happy with my purchase . 

			neg: i liked this and was happy with my purchase .

			pos: i bought the knife was so when it after others .

919: pos:	we juiced our garden lettuce and greens with ease . 

			neg: we sent it a long time are right . with .

			pos: we sent it easy to now and get them .

920: neg:	gave it to someone named happy on her birthday . 

			neg: but will keep this and for it stopped working .

			pos: but will keep this and for it two hours .

921: neg:	the plot is explained through voice acting  not stellar ,  but i ve heard worse  and artwork . 

			neg: the fabric is to me the graphics look first for these . . . . i m looking at all .

			pos: the fabric is to me the colors . . . . just that i didn t know how good .

922: neg:	i m not really impressed . and the xl seems to be more wide than anything else . 

			neg: i really was supposed to install but not not hard to be much more to do .

			pos: i really was supposed to install but not not hard to be much more to do .

923: neg:	just spend the extra bucks and buy an official one from apple . 

			neg: just didn t know out and for the cost for just from one .

			pos: just didn t know or two for one can get num_num as smaller .

924: neg:	so i don t know what i m going to do with the num_num bags that are left . 

			neg: so i don t know what i m going to do it and they really can be disappointed ! .

			pos: so i don t know what i m going to do it and they really can be disappointed ! .

925: pos:	don t let people fool you ,  this case fits the iphone num_num perfectly . 

			neg: the other you know of these , it does my case stopped working fine .

			pos: the other you know of these , it does my case and keep .

926: pos:	anyway i recommend this one for its price and quality . 

			neg: why i bought it should as i am great and .

			pos: again i would use this but exactly $ and good .

927: pos:	i put my kitchen appliances through the ringer . 

			neg: i like my hair in these in the .

			pos: i put my own hard order out the .

928: pos:	same money but you don t have to leave your house and you get a much larger color selection . 

			neg: unless i feel not if it , you can be done with , but you ll protect the plastic .

			pos: thank you was , if you will be able to turn . . . . i don t want a lot , etc .

929: pos:	i have been missing out !  this thing is so sharp . 

			neg: i have been supposed to love with the product works too expensive .

			pos: i have been going to me , i have good at quality .

930: neg:	if you are the kind of person that turns on the computer for an hour . 

			neg: if you are the part of these , but had been able to a month .

			pos: if you are the part of these and have had a long on an hour .

931: neg:	absolutely horrid; cheaper @ costco if you must . 

			neg: he isn t enough for these of the expensive .

			pos: he isn t enough for these of the expensive .

932: neg:	it took three years three vets and over twelve hundred dollars spent before success . 

			neg: it took three years old for a few hours of these num_num stars for them .

			pos: it took three years old for a few hours of these num_num stars for them .

933: neg:	plus i never bought a screen protector that comes with just one sheet !  explains the price lol . 

			neg: but got it was really good than it s just for the num_extend which will just fine .

			pos: but got it was really good than it s just for the num_extend which will just fine .

934: pos:	it is easy to clean ,  but honestly i rarely clean it . 

			neg: it is easy to clean , but i was supposed to it .

			pos: it is easy to clean , but i was supposed to it .

935: neg:	this flat iron combo curler is not worth the money that i spent for it . 

			neg: if the num_extend is not for all of those than i m happy with this product .

			pos: if the num_extend is not for all of those than i m happy with this product .

936: pos:	i own the extire oxo steel line and am pleased with all the products under this line . 

			neg: i work of it is a best kitchen and , so they don t be a week of it .

			pos: i work of it is a best kitchen and , so they don t be a week of it .

937: neg:	my first draft of this review was also way too long . 

			neg: my first of these , this one was a look better .

			pos: my first piece i would my product was not easy to work .

938: pos:	my second mistake was filling the container with too much liquid ,  it took forever to freeze . 

			neg: my unit is because it takes up with a new store with it , they can hear me .

			pos: my unit is because it takes up to me and they re worth it in them off .

939: neg:	all the songs build on the same words . 

			neg: all of the phone with the game died . with .

			pos: all of the phone with the game died . with .

940: pos:	even though there was no mounting hardware included ,  it didn t take my handy husband long to put them up . 

			neg: even though there was really a single day , it s a cup of use at a while working .

			pos: even though there was really a single day , it s a cup to use , at all over it together .

941: neg:	i does smell good but it clumps together and it was definately way too expensive for it s quality . 

			neg: it isn t good as no problems as well . . . . . . and not not like that num_num of them .

			pos: this is there is over and it s off and it is not that for me , not .

942: pos:	hand graters can be a mess to clean ,  especially under the handle . 

			neg: although you are a little bit like hot and can handle the phone .

			pos: although you clean up looking to hold a phone and doesn t hold top .

943: pos:	i ve been baking for over num_num years; owned a catering business and develop my own recipes oftentimes . 

			neg: i ve been christmas for num_num months of them as num_num months of the money and try .

			pos: i ve been christmas for num_num months of them as num_num months of the money and try .

944: neg:	i did update  how much fun is this toy  from num_num to num_num stars though . 

			neg: i did how it are better than a review and not going to num_num for .

			pos: i did how it are better than a review and not going to num_num for .

945: neg:	still ,  if i could give it no stars or click  dislike ,   i would . 

			neg: so the best because it will have to be so far not in this product .

			pos: so the best product if they will not be better and it didn t like .

946: neg:	hasn t had to be rebooted yet due to connection issues . 

			neg: had kind of them at a try and have more at .

			pos: had kind of them at a try and have more at .

947: neg:	i kept it though i do not use it . 

			neg: i needed it until i do not use it .

			pos: i needed it when they say it seems . . . . . . . . . . . .

948: neg:	the concept was great and it worked very well when it worked . 

			neg: the description is almost and it worked very well when it worked .

			pos: the headset is great and it worked very well when it worked .

949: neg:	it is reversible ,  therefore the two different colored leather pieces have been glued together . 

			neg: it is , and it should just num_num minutes with a lot of it should either .

			pos: it s nice , but it seems really a few weeks you get a lot .

950: pos:	you have to break it in ,  in other words . 

			neg: you have to wash it in a deal , better .

			pos: you have to wash it in a deal , better .

951: neg:	it does play music from my itouch over fm through my radio and it does charge my itouch . 

			neg: it does play and didn t work in the time over at the phone on a day as .

			pos: it does it great , and it just didn t put it and over the same as well .

952: pos:	i needed num_num as i have so many different utensils and i like to organize them by type . 

			neg: i needed num_num as i ve been so well , that that to have a few more like them .

			pos: i needed num_num as i ve been so well , that that to have a few more like them .

953: neg:	the cardboard pleats close shut and this makes the oil have to seek another open pleat to enter . 

			neg: the buttons for your phone is , it could be a lot if you re going to a charm .

			pos: the ice cream will work perfectly in the machine , they can make some of the num_num years .

954: pos:	the lid is great if you need to store whatever you are making for any length of time . 

			neg: the lid is just , with you need to be at least it , look like it .

			pos: the lid is just , with you need to be careful and it to be using the phone .

955: neg:	the did not a aborb water at all . 

			neg: the only also into the store and takes me .

			pos: the only also a lot and look very .

956: pos:	the price was good ,  and came quickly though my prime membership . 

			neg: the price was good , and dropped and it s a while .

			pos: the price was good , and came well with a week .

957: neg:	i adjusted the volumes on the ipod and the cassette player . 

			neg: i cannot use the same unit and to my old handles .

			pos: i cannot use the same unit and to my old metal .

958: neg:	i was not at all pleased with the performance of this chopper . 

			neg: i was not at all and if you really have a product .

			pos: i was not at all and if you really have a product .

959: neg:	it really has little to hold one s interest for more than a couple of minutes max . 

			neg: it really don t hold a day for more like which were a lot of a good .

			pos: it really don t hold a month of num_num times that to be looking and a cup .

960: pos:	there s not much to say about it ,  it s a well stitched quilted fitted cover . 

			neg: there s not much much of these with it , and it s just a bit product .

			pos: there s not much to say with it s , but it is quite a day .

961: neg:	i have no padding of my own to offset hard soles . 

			neg: i have no difference and have a much waste of all .

			pos: i make it a great deal with a big addition makes it .

962: neg:	and i wanted them all to be easy to access . 

			neg: and i needed , they really easy to hold .

			pos: and i needed , they really easy to hold for .

963: pos:	i dropped it countless times and my phone was never damaged and the case never broke . 

			neg: i tried the case for everything was perfect over the phone so it was the phone on .

			pos: i tried the case for everything was a perfect day and it still got the phone .

964: pos:	for my purpose this is the perfect item . 

			neg: for my cat this is the perfect item .

			pos: for my husband it is the perfect item .

965: neg:	this is a good hoodie and well made . 

			neg: this is a good condition and made well .

			pos: this is a good condition and made well .

966: neg:	it s very black ,  and it does add volume . 

			neg: it s very nice and yes , it feels nice .

			pos: it s very nice and yes , it feels nice .

967: neg:	something s wrong with it . me :  it s just yucky . daughter :  you can have it ,  mom . i had high hopes for these drinks . 

			neg: they are what i will tell me . . . . . . i m not a new thing i don t recommend this game , but i m going to say .

			pos: they are what i will tell me . . . . . . . . i m not a new thing i would have to pay a chance , so others .

968: neg:	cheap ,  low quality chicom scope with even cheaper ring mounts . 

			neg: cheap , is a lot , so i seem to num_num times .

			pos: cheap , is a lot , so i make more for fine .

969: neg:	first of all i m not some raging halo . 

			neg: unfortunately , the num_extend is it seems a try .

			pos: unfortunately , the num_extend is it seems a try .

970: neg:	i started using xlear nasal spray a few years ago . 

			neg: i went on these and the large and love this num_num times .

			pos: i went on these and the large and love this num_num times .

971: neg:	first ,  and surprising was that they have removeable sole inserts . 

			neg: case , and is only for that it will be first .

			pos: my good value , and these headphones you have a new store .

972: pos:	as with any oxo product ,  it is difficult to grasp the outstanding effort put into anything oxo produces . 

			neg: and it if it isn t , and it could be a lot of water with it is in cleaning .

			pos: and it if it isn t , and it would be easy to get a lot of them , and it .

973: pos:	we both use the blackberry num_num curve ,  which each use bluetooth version num_extend

			neg: so it works on a few days the num_num years of years and uses .

			pos: so it works on a few days the num_num years of years now are happy .

974: pos:	great case ,  easy to use and very durable . 

			neg: great case , easy to use and very durable .

			pos: great case , easy to use and very durable .

975: pos:	need a cheap car charger and it seems to do the job . 

			neg: you really think and use it is not even in the taste .

			pos: you really use and this is so it seems to get a kitchen .

976: neg:	when i go to remove it ,  it rolls into itself ,  tearing at my hair . 

			neg: when i take it on , and it will protect your phone for a few hours .

			pos: when i take it on , and it will protect your phone for a few hours .

977: neg:	this time ,  i got to enjoy it for about a month ,  then unfortunately ,  one of the tabs broke . 

			neg: this product and it i got to use it to find about a few times , but not another one of .

			pos: this product and it i got to use it to find about a few times , but not another one .

978: pos:	she s swapped rubber inserts with friends who have other brands ,  and all theirs have torn . 

			neg: these works like all some reason for these things , which is all the other reviewers .

			pos: these works like all some reason for these things , which is all the other reviewers .

979: neg:	they re still here because you can see the damage in the garden from them . 

			neg: they guess ? i was trying to get the bottom of a lot for me .

			pos: they re still ok if i don t get a bottle in no longer use .

980: pos:	i recently purchased  white rice  popcorn for my dad who has diverticulitious . 

			neg: i was able for work great , i use a pair of life .

			pos: i was able for work great , i use the reviews for an issue .

981: pos:	i love this pan ! original review : my baby girl loves these little waffles . 

			neg: i love this pan and others said this was giving it just better for me .

			pos: i love this pan and others said this was giving it just better for me .

982: pos:	although this is made to be a dinner plate; this can be used as a small serving plate . 

			neg: however , needed to be a very like you re just as much to a great value .

			pos: however , needed to be a very like you re just as much to a great value .

983: neg:	however ,  i feel civilization iv is most definitely not an improvement overall . 

			neg: however , this is better , the num_extend just would not make quality .

			pos: however , this is better , also would really not have great size .

984: neg:	it also biodegrades slowly !  these sulphates are generally in toxiccategory ii for skin and category one for the eyes . 

			neg: it is the num_extend these work , they would be fine for example , so a new unit .

			pos: it is the num_extend these pans , too . . . this is more for a few times and had it .

985: neg:	as you reel it in ,  you have to stop and repeat the process . 

			neg: as it to don t like it in it , then a lot of .

			pos: as it , you can use it in the ones ? well in the .

986: neg:	i love my sorel slippers ,  but these were just cheaply made and wore out in num_num days . 

			neg: i love the money and it would work at least num_num of num_extend or two , but looks .

			pos: i finally said , but it is still used to be good but at all the num_num bucks .

987: neg:	avoid the heartache and wasted titme of bad discs . 

			neg: the pans in all but i can be the own .

			pos: the pans in all but that the little more .

988: neg:	but this stuff will fall apart after only a few washings . 

			neg: but this should get num_num hours it did for a better .

			pos: but this should get num_num hours it did for a better .

989: neg:	i woke up in the middle of the night with strong heart palpitations ,  threw away the bottle next day . 

			neg: i picked up in the top of the local store with all of num_num times in all on this .

			pos: i picked up in the bottom of the kitchen to me again , two months of the time in the market .

990: neg:	it had great potential ,  but every misson feels the same ,  and they all are . 

			neg: it had great , and it worked perfectly in the market , it looks great ! .

			pos: it had great , and it worked perfectly in the market , it looks great ! .

991: neg:	ghost recon advanced warfighter for pc is a very different game than the num_num version . 

			neg: spend a few things it is a few different from the cost of those reviews .

			pos: spend a few things it is a few different from the cost of those reviews .

992: pos:	the two are not compatible as the lid will not tighten secure enough that there is no leakage . 

			neg: some it just is still in the way it is not but they are a bit better .

			pos: some it just is still in the way . . . but not not not very pleased with stainless steel .

993: neg:	company will exchange though but it wastes your time doing this . 

			neg: i really have for me so what the way so when it .

			pos: i really have for me so what the way so when it .

994: pos:	i could tell out of the box ,  this was just what i was looking for . 

			neg: i didn t want any of my first game , but i was not for this , .

			pos: i didn t want any of my first game , but i was not for this , but .

995: neg:	lasted for two games ,  during which i was the sole operator . 

			neg: finally had to work for a new product because it is done .

			pos: finally had to work for a new product because it is done .

996: pos:	have been using it daily since it arrived . 

			neg: have been using it and several weeks it product .

			pos: have been using it and several weeks it product .

997: neg:	i easily got all of them except num_extend meaning i couldn t progress past this point . 

			neg: it works like the screen out now that the num_num stars , i didn t have again .

			pos: i wash the num_extend on its really like $ so this one of others on these .

998: neg:	the  harvest land  in this game is so small i wonder where all the memory went to . 

			neg: you just a product on it is better , that , but will not quite a refund .

			pos: the extra product in the headset is with different , which i m not any a very .

999: neg:	they put a pad there to help with this ,  which didn t seem to do anything . 

			neg: how like the num_num bit to have to say this , but can t look with anything .

			pos: with the oven and will make you to use this size and you won t seem to do .

1000: neg:	i mean look ,  spyro was good in his early days ,  but now ,  he s garbage . 

			neg: i look good , this and is the num_num weeks , and i m happy with amazon ! .

			pos: they re a good stuff and use the num_num months , so best , so it works .

1001: neg:	got this with two other products which just came loose in a big box ,  first time for that . 

			neg: got this with num_num stars is so good in a lot of , which is on a week .

			pos: got this with num_num stars is so good in a lot of money , especially for the coffee maker .

1002: pos:	these are solidly built and will allow you to perfectly pack your espresso in the filter . 

			neg: they are also works to hold it , after not a lot of my device .

			pos: they are also works to hold it , after not a lot of my device .

1003: neg:	very hard plastic and not that fun to play with at all . 

			neg: very hard and is not , much better you get at home .

			pos: very hard plastic is wrong ? they can be sure how well .

1004: neg:	save yourself some time and money and skip this product . 

			neg: dont be your best at first and better , this product .

			pos: more . there a long time and other than this product .

1005: pos:	i had to purchase a second one of these because i broke the first one . 

			neg: i had to replace the first one of these for this item the first one .

			pos: i had to replace the first one of these for this item the first one .

1006: neg:	a process that takes a couple of minutes . 

			neg: a lot that has quite to as large .

			pos: a lot that has quite to as large .

1007: neg:	i love cheetos and any artificially or naturally enhanced cheese snack . 

			neg: i love and it makes them to be fine again , not .

			pos: i love and it makes them to be fine again , not .

1008: pos:	this casserole dish is the perfect size and i love having a nice lid . 

			neg: it has great for a handle is only so this as a little bit .

			pos: it has great for a handle is only bought this and a way off .

1009: neg:	the first few we bought were good ,  not great quality ,  but i didn t mind because they were so inexpensive . 

			neg: in one now that works better , but a really good size , i did not like i bought num_num years ! .

			pos: in one now that works better , but a great size . . . . . i m just had that i am happy ! .

1010: pos:	unless you have very small or very large hands it is comfortable to use . 

			neg: like it are some cheap and or hold it , but so hard .

			pos: like it are some heavy and look by it , and they feel .

1011: neg:	the hairs have been trimmed to make the shape and it is  scritchy  on your face . 

			neg: the clip like it won t get a bit that , and it does come with .

			pos: the plug i can t make it a lot , but and it makes it will .

1012: pos:	i have both a square and round pan i use this with . 

			neg: i have both a few of meat as use this with it .

			pos: i have all over num_num minutes , in years i use it .

1013: pos:	and with its ergonomic handle and slim design it fits very nicely in my fridge door . 

			neg: and they use all the phone and don t hold the phone , and right in the dishwasher .

			pos: and they use all the phone and don t protect the phone and turn down in place .

1014: pos:	i have never had a pleasant experience with the customer support at cuisnart . 

			neg: i have never had a refund , i will be able to work .

			pos: i have never had a refund , i will be able to work .

1015: pos:	much to my dismay ,  the invisishield was nothing but garbage . 

			neg: even in that the job , it was still more as .

			pos: even , you by the case still doesn t work ok .

1016: pos:	the smell is wonderful ,  the taste is more like popcorn ,  less like cardboard . 

			neg: the smell is beautiful , there is supposed to good , that can be a problem .

			pos: the smell is beautiful , there is some small , which are in the food .

1017: pos:	i ve had it several months and am very glad i chose this one ,  it s a bargain and a keeper . 

			neg: i ve had it several months and works and it s one , this one , and it is a pain .

			pos: i ve used this several times and works great as i find it , it is a great set , works .

1018: neg:	so ,  despite him liking it ,  it s just too expensive for how long it lasted . 

			neg: so , and it will use , it wasn t too long for me how to find it .

			pos: so , and it will use , it s just more long as much better on what .

1019: pos:	the protection is so easy to apply ,  doesn t get pushed up by my speck candyshell case ,  and wipes clean . 

			neg: the light and works to clean , it to the bowl and it didn t want a few months , etc .

			pos: the light and works to clean , it to the bowl and it didn t want a few months , etc .

1020: neg:	hardly something i would give as a wrapped birthday gift . 

			neg: not that i will last one for a few uses .

			pos: not that i will last one for a few uses .

1021: neg:	the problem with the acrylic ones i ve found is the tipping factor . 

			neg: you fit it , i would recommend these for it is not a reason .

			pos: you fit it , i will only reason that i m not an iphone .

1022: neg:	bought this for use to hold my droid incredible . 

			neg: bought this for use to hold my htc evo .

			pos: bought this for use to hold my htc evo .

1023: pos:	we love that it can go straight from the stove top to the oven . 

			neg: that i am sure it can keep my taste in a gift in the screen .

			pos: that we love it to make it a great charge in a pan .

1024: neg:	our dogs have been on rationed food in order to keep them trim and fit . 

			neg: then it doesn t have seen a couple of these to keep the num_extend at all .

			pos: then it doesn t have seen a couple of these to keep the num_extend at all .

1025: pos:	i have to redirect or turn off the air conditioning in my car when making a call . 

			neg: i like you look great in your phone off in my skin on and the phone .

			pos: i like you look great in your phone around as a while using the phone , etc .

1026: pos:	it creates heaping folds of foam andturns your coffee into a breve latte . 

			neg: it s difficult for the num_extend of cutting board , and the back .

			pos: it s little thing and it makes an excellent addition to my screen .

1027: pos:	i never thought about making cheese until ree drummond made some on her show . 

			neg: i only took a few things , and come out after a lot of them .

			pos: i did try use a few things in its look forward to it through .

1028: neg:	real annoying . the second issue is what i am deducting num_num stars for though . 

			neg: not a real product i have a year now , they were so as it .

			pos: not a real product i have a few times that i am too many times .

1029: pos:	i though it would be faster and easier but it wasn t . 

			neg: i though it would be fine too expensive but it does .

			pos: i though it would be fine too small but it was not .

1030: pos:	it seems to be of very good quality in its build . 

			neg: it seems to be a more sturdy price , the screen .

			pos: it seems to be a more sturdy price , the screen .

1031: pos:	awesome for workouts . battery life for music is as advertised ,  about num_num hours . 

			neg: but not as well i wouldn t good price as well in two and own .

			pos: especially and i expected one for num_extend coffee , but did not use at all .

1032: neg:	this in no way resembles a jerky if that s what you were hoping for . 

			neg: on the all through a lot that , i would recommend to find that for me .

			pos: this into the taste the other than the time that we have better than amazon .

1033: neg:	i normally sit about num_num degrees off angle from my equipment at about num_num ft away . 

			neg: i didn t work for me or a num_num over the num_num for too much better for either .

			pos: i didn t work for me or a great after just for num_num to be so much .

1034: pos:	i have smaller bt headsets that last num_num hours longer . 

			neg: i have kind instead of now we gave up out .

			pos: i have may be purchased num_num stars again and no problem .

1035: neg:	the only thing that redeems is it is that it s still pretty good in two player . 

			neg: the only thing that is it is that it s still a new screen at the screen .

			pos: the only thing that is it is that it s still a new screen at the screen .

1036: pos:	may be it will become soft with use and then it should be fine . 

			neg: really don t go through and they look as well what will be nice .

			pos: really don t go through and they look as well what will be nice .

1037: neg:	her hair felt coarse and knotty . so .  .  . i tried it on my own shoulder length straight hair with the same result . 

			neg: then the phone and and they work . . . i had it once what i m not worth the store on it .

			pos: then the phone and and they work . . . i got it s for me , and it will be the same time .

1038: neg:	that is right up until one day the record feature stopped working . 

			neg: that is right off and it did didn t can t work done .

			pos: that is right off and it did didn t can t work done .

1039: neg:	i ve had this screen protector on for a week and i already want to take it off . 

			neg: i ve had the battery from this , and broke after a better than it to keep .

			pos: i ve had the battery for a day and i didn t want enough for it to keep .

1040: pos:	it is the handiest thing for slicing potatoes for scalloped potatoes and chips . 

			neg: it is the bottle that doesn t work for , at least very .

			pos: it is the bottle that doesn t work for for a long hair .

1041: pos:	why ?  because i was tired of using the half cup with no handle . 

			neg: why , so i was an issue because of it up into my ear .

			pos: why , so i was an issue because of it up into my ear .

1042: pos:	i have been using one for nearly num_num years . 

			neg: i have been using this num_num for over num_num that .

			pos: i have been using one for making num_num years .

1043: pos:	researched before i bought it and had actually chosen another one . 

			neg: then i purchased it and i bought some a new one only problem .

			pos: sometimes i bought this before and it may last more this one .

1044: pos:	it keeps it the coffee hot and fresh for hours . 

			neg: it takes my device off and easy to use well .

			pos: it takes my device off and easy to use well .

1045: neg:	my daughter used this for school for about num_num months until the strap broke . 

			neg: my daughter used this for about a month and we gave a day in it .

			pos: my daughter used this for about a month and we gave a day in it .

1046: neg:	i have num_num bird feeders hanging from poles in my front and back yard . 

			neg: i have worked fine for some good addition to the phone a few at .

			pos: i have worked fine for some good addition to the phone a few at .

1047: neg:	spent more time fiddling with this than i did looking at the road . 

			neg: otherwise they are one with this product for about the screen with one .

			pos: otherwise they are one with this product for about the screen for the .

1048: neg:	it was great for about a week until my num_num month lab got a little piece off . 

			neg: it was great for about my phone for her one and i didn t hold a little .

			pos: it was great for about my phone for her one and i didn t hold a little .

1049: pos:	to reset it to num_num minutes ,  you must press the button num_num times . 

			neg: to charge your family and makes it from the box of all the num_extend

			pos: to charge your family is making a lot of this stuff a screen protector .

1050: pos:	quickly looked up online what i needed ,  then immediately logged onto amazon and found this product . 

			neg: no other or it and it finally tried to me , and did not last time i know .

			pos: no own and the iphone ! it s at all one , but he s one for me .

1051: pos:	actually ,  i have purchased four of these because i keep giving them away to friends . 

			neg: all i don t using this company and i had nothing about a month or try them .

			pos: all i don t replace this company that came with these two different things for me .

1052: pos:	i say this because i must use both hands to move this jug because it is heavy when full . 

			neg: i use this item that it is a month or after this , and it is a num_num .

			pos: i use this item that it is a month or after this , and it is a num_num .

1053: pos:	if you need a pot with this capacity num_extend qts  buy this one . 

			neg: if you can use the box with one is nothing for this game .

			pos: if you can use the same , but they also used this game .

1054: neg:	i would even spray pam cooking spray on the bottom and it didn t work . 

			neg: i prefer it back and they wash in the phone it came out first .

			pos: i prefer it up for work with the handle on my phone with num_extend

1055: pos:	more creative than num_extend dont think so !  but still a great product . 

			neg: more are looking for num_extend and i am more and was just as .

			pos: more are looking but $ and i am too good as the great price .

1056: neg:	it smells too sweet ,  almost like honey in my opinion ,  and the scent is too strong . 

			neg: it s pretty small and it is in a gift , it , and a really work .

			pos: it s pretty small and it is in a gift , when it is a very large store .

1057: pos:	especially nice for something like jam or sweet pickles because you can rinse it right off . 

			neg: just plus for you want them and can be . . . . i can put it up .

			pos: just plus for you want them and can be sure , but it doesn t hold up .

1058: neg:	i loved see and say as a child ,  and i couldn t wait to get one for my toddler . 

			neg: i loved , and it was expensive , and i didn t want to replace the same as long .

			pos: i loved , and it was expensive and , i didn t want to replace it for a day .

1059: neg:	don t waste your time or money on these jeans . 

			neg: don t feel with your money and will buy amazon .

			pos: don t feel with your money and will buy amazon .

1060: neg:	i detest when snake oil salesmen prey on people who are in pain and desperately seeking help and remedies . 

			neg: i use the box and made it would be careful that to be fine for a great refund .

			pos: i use the box and made it would be careful with a better protection for a look for all .

1061: neg:	the main problem with this high chair is that the food goes everywhere but the tray . 

			neg: the biggest problem with this is high , they was really a lot , but there .

			pos: the seller of it s looking and makes me , i m really like the screen .

1062: pos:	its like that showtime rotisserrie oven ,  you set it and forget it . 

			neg: sometimes i don t use and don t charge like it and it s on .

			pos: sometimes i don t use and don t charge like it and it s on .

1063: neg:	it looked like someone dropped the bag and kicked it around until it was turned into mostly dust . 

			neg: it looked like it was in the store and it doesn t work on the phone at all day .

			pos: it looked like it was in the store and it doesn t work on the phone at all day .

1064: pos:	this item continues to rise in both popularity and price because it s so good . 

			neg: i also purchased an hour , but no price and i love this and better .

			pos: i also purchased an hour , but no price and i love this and better .

1065: pos:	only thing i dont like is the huge lighted logo ,  its just too big and too bright . 

			neg: only if i would be like the sound is like it very good too thick at all sound .

			pos: only if i would work of the phone , but you are not very great and look fine .

1066: neg:	the flavor profile is very different ,  and the bitterness is hard to get past . 

			neg: the flavor is made great and all of course , or a lot of this .

			pos: the flavor is made great and all of course , or a lot if you .

1067: neg:	we went to the vet ,  did every test ,  and he s healthy physically . 

			neg: we went to the warranty , my son still , and it s num_num hours .

			pos: we went to the warranty , my son still , and it s very disappointed .

1068: neg:	it gives you the smooth coverage you want ,  excellent support ,  and you won t even know you are wearing it . 

			neg: it doesn t be the picture , comes apart , and can t look , but they do not know it .

			pos: it doesn t be the dishwasher like you are nice , so you don t be how much . . i can t go out .

1069: pos:	i think way back when we bought the first one it was more than what i paid now . 

			neg: i was to pay for my iphone now this game is a refund i paid for these ! .

			pos: i was to pay for my iphone now this game is a refund i paid for these ! .

1070: neg:	i first used it on my hands and fingers . 

			neg: i was on how it got a few days .

			pos: i was on how it got a few days .

1071: pos:	if you use your blender often enough you will break the bottom and run out of seals . 

			neg: if you use your own it is to stay on the screen , then the taste in .

			pos: if you use your own it is to stay on the screen and you really the dishwasher .

1072: pos:	well built ,  comfortable in the hand and does the job they were made for . 

			neg: well , easy to use the top , just put it is so bad for anything .

			pos: well , easy to use the top , just put it is so bad for anything .

1073: neg:	not worth the wait !  just a plastic piece . too much time for delivery . 

			neg: not worth it off but is a pretty cheap job with and needed for .

			pos: not worth it off but is a pretty cheap job with and needed for .

1074: pos:	this is what s affordable right now ,  so it has to do . 

			neg: this is what s right and it is so i see your own .

			pos: this is what s right and it is so i see your own .

1075: neg:	i also have to hold the headphone cord to keep it from flapping around . 

			neg: i also have to hold the cover but to fit with a look fine .

			pos: i also have to hold the cover but to fit with a look fine .

1076: pos:	i followed the guidance and am grateful for it . 

			neg: i couldn t believe well and bought the results .

			pos: i couldn t believe well and bought the results .

1077: neg:	i gave some to the rest of my family not telling them about the awful taste . 

			neg: i gave some of an hour , the only num_num hours of these to make all .

			pos: i gave some of an hour , the only num_num hours of these to make all .

1078: neg:	i was looking for a passive toslink splitter like this ,  but this didn t work at all . 

			neg: i was looking for a bunch of and i didn t like this , and it worked great .

			pos: i was looking for a bunch of and i didn t like this , and it worked great .

1079: neg:	i am using it for aroma therapy ,  and wondering what else i can do with it . 

			neg: we ve was using it , at a money and i do don t do with it with .

			pos: we ve was using it , at a money and i do don t do with with it .

1080: neg:	the graphics are pretty amazing ,  being that the game is so much like mortal kombat ,  so are the graphics !  . 

			neg: the colors are not great , i , it s kind of num_num for that ! . . . . . that makes it great ! .

			pos: the food isn t too low , i have the num_num bucks , but that s not want to say , etc .

1081: neg:	not the fastest but better than my other hot air brush . 

			neg: not the cost for num_num , but it is easy in .

			pos: not the cost for num_num , but they feel a very .

1082: pos:	i find that the volume can go way too high so i keep it down . 

			neg: i find that fit in the taste will be so then you fit it .

			pos: i think it s a lot of it really too much but it fit it .

1083: neg:	they were friendly and helpful but nothing solved the problem . one rep suggested using a brand new propane tank . 

			neg: they were durable and they was pretty . . . i didn t have a new one of these than num_num times .

			pos: they were durable and they was really . . . the same one but i ll have a num_num stars better .

1084: pos:	in particular ,  the coating on this cookware has been cheapened . 

			neg: in fact taste the set of this because of the best problem .

			pos: in fact taste the set of this because of the best problem .

1085: pos:	needless to say ,  she put it in her purse when she got home . 

			neg: needless to say , he came to the while it works on several months .

			pos: needless to say , he came to the while it works on several months .

1086: neg:	i threw it out because i can t take alcohol . 

			neg: i never want it for but it could be made .

			pos: i keep it , but i need a bit much .

1087: neg:	after that you have to pay a subscription . 

			neg: with this for you will want a kitchen .

			pos: with this for you will want a kitchen .

1088: pos:	the seidio case was to creaky and had enough play in the case to be annoying . 

			neg: the case and it wasn t enough for and it doesn t want a piece of them .

			pos: the case is after a friend and to use of this piece of the phone or .

1089: neg:	there s no way this will last as long as claimed . 

			neg: there s no way on this battery again for a coffee .

			pos: there s no way on this battery again for a coffee .

1090: neg:	that one the clips are not sturdy enough to hold the phone .  .  . the phone is too heavy for it . 

			neg: but this is not to be very nice , not you can clean , and it works great for it .

			pos: but this is not to work great , look nice you can handle and it is very happy to use .

1091: pos:	although a little small for my taste ,  the display is sharp and attractive . 

			neg: as a really hard use , like the screen protector , and is very .

			pos: as a really hard use , like the screen protector , and is very .

1092: pos:	fits perfectly ,  cutouts are plsced where they should be . 

			neg: fits perfectly , but there are like these of me away .

			pos: fits perfectly , but there are like these of me away .

1093: pos:	they re awesome because you can put them anywhere and they ll hold like a nail . 

			neg: they say , but this comes to hold my so much better in the plastic part to .

			pos: they re good for it in the store and they are looking for easy to the job .

1094: pos:	accept no cheap plastic substitute ,  these would be a bargain at twice the price . 

			neg: there is very large and i would be the $ is with a num_num times .

			pos: there is very large and i would be the $ is with a num_num times .

1095: neg:	i will still continue to use philosophy products ,  just not this one . 

			neg: i did not even know of now and seems like the best one .

			pos: i did not even know of now and some good thing the one .

1096: pos:	i ve only charged it once since i bought it . 

			neg: i ve never received them when now i bought it .

			pos: i ve never received them when now i bought it .

1097: pos:	and since we have a cat that sheds way too much we decided to get this vaccum . 

			neg: and since we have a dog , they really had too much to find it in me .

			pos: and since we have a new product ? they are going to replace it from the reason .

1098: pos:	i also like the adjustable heat option for the warming plate . 

			neg: i also like the buttons and will like a month .

			pos: i also like the buttons and will like a month .

1099: pos:	i still have privacy screen ,  after num_num months . 

			neg: these i also go a few times out and case .

			pos: these i also go a few times out and case .

1100: neg:	the material is so cheap it should be advertised on late night tv and maybe is . 

			neg: the quality works better . there is not on me , but it works great price .

			pos: the quality works better . . there is not on me for my num_extend num_extend is better .

1101: pos:	it it pretty hardy ,  i haven t broken it yet . 

			neg: it will hold me , i m going after some time .

			pos: it will hold me , i m going after some time .

1102: neg:	certainly one of the more widely produced in the us . 

			neg: maybe the most of them back of a problem .

			pos: maybe the most of them back of a problem .

1103: pos:	i will update my review after num_num months . 

			neg: i will update my review after num_num months .

			pos: i will update my review after num_num months .

1104: neg:	just reinstall the previous ghost recon and raven shield games . 

			neg: just wouldn t believe it and a new knives should work .

			pos: just wouldn t believe it great , but about food .

1105: neg:	all of them are utter garbage ,  not even decent polyester . 

			neg: also made with sound quality that it up just much .

			pos: also made with sound quality that it up just much .

1106: neg:	either way ,  i cannot rate this product very highly for what it did to my face . 

			neg: either of there , i didn t believe that i expected it and it on the phone .

			pos: either way , i don t last this is so what i can t charge every time .

1107: neg:	why ?  because i recently went back to the wilton brand and could not open the dispenser . 

			neg: why , i am just for two of num_num for the best of a bit of it .

			pos: how good i would num_num for about a bit one for some , the good game .

1108: pos:	this a great charging accessory for any usb device ,  particularly as an apple charger replacement . 

			neg: this a great size and they have to a little one for a week ago .

			pos: this is a great charge for something in the front and had a week ago .

1109: neg:	i d suggest anyone looking to purchase linksys products look into netgear instead . 

			neg: i d d recommend it for the headphones are about a look forward .

			pos: i d d recommend this to replace them is more to me and .

1110: neg:	it was under thirty five bucks a week ago ,  and seemed like the right price . 

			neg: it was a at least two months , however , two months of this phone .

			pos: it was a long two years of my num_num months , although it wasn t a refund .

1111: neg:	i tried it for a week with several different calls and locations ,  just never worked . 

			neg: i tried it and on this for num_num weeks and all of all three times either .

			pos: i tried it and on this for num_num weeks and all of all three times either .

1112: pos:	when i discovered this product and saw the great reviews ,  i went on and bought it . 

			neg: when i saw it was the reviews , and a month of one and i bought it .

			pos: when i saw it was the reviews , and was an hour , but we bought it .

1113: neg:	good thing filters for num_num gallon tanks are cheap . 

			neg: is looking for maybe num_num minutes it is better than .

			pos: is looking for maybe num_num minutes it is better than .

1114: neg:	i might return it ,  but i need a can opener . 

			neg: i wouldn t know if it was about you can most of .

			pos: i dont buy the fact that i needed in the smaller .

1115: neg:	but i have to be honest ,  this is gross .  .  . it feels like i am eating flavored dried sponge . 

			neg: but i have to be , it is , but it doesn t work . . . . . i m going to use .

			pos: but i have to be , it is , but it doesn t work . . . . . i m going to use .

1116: neg:	instead i would recommend cetaphil gentle cleanser and you will be fine . 

			neg: but not that i won t be good for it out a better .

			pos: but not that i won t be good for it out a better .

1117: neg:	sugar is extremely addictive and does absolutely nothing for your body . 

			neg: is not heavy and the phone works on no luck with quality .

			pos: is not heavy and the phone works on no luck with quality .

1118: neg:	it does seem to sort of flake off your face after a few hours like another reviewer mentioned . 

			neg: it should be a lot on and look on the water and i wouldn t use this for me .

			pos: it should be a lot on and look on the water and i wouldn t buy my own .

1119: pos:	i purchased two to mount horizontally under the shelves of my kitchen island . 

			neg: i purchased two of them over a lot of use the first store .

			pos: i purchased two of them over a lot of use the first store .

1120: neg:	i d rather tie a towel around my neck as a cape . 

			neg: i d be a fan up easy on as well a product .

			pos: i d be a fan up easy on as well a product .

1121: neg:	it has moveable dividers ,  collapsible ,  and is perfect for keeping grocery bags and the like secure in the trunk . 

			neg: it has happened , and the oven is , and that and didn t want to remove the cord .

			pos: it has happened , and the oven is , and that and didn t want to charge in a day .

1122: neg:	the constriction on my dog caused him to sit . 

			neg: the same , but it worked as to do .

			pos: the same , but it looked from it to store .

1123: pos:	being the first leaves it with some problems which i m sure will get fixed in later versions . 

			neg: it also , the same problems with more , i haven t had it through a lot of them .

			pos: it also , the same problems with more , i haven t had it through a lot of them .

1124: pos:	this is a great product that you can plug your iphone and ipad into at the same time . 

			neg: this is a great product that doesn t take it in and look and it over it after .

			pos: this is a great product that doesn t take it in num_num minutes and it started to charge .

1125: neg:	with the rented rug doctor ,  you can take everything apart and clean and i like that aspect . 

			neg: they don t put them from the you , they are easy and and i m happy to find .

			pos: they don t put them from the you want to its very long and , and i liked it .

1126: pos:	also cheaper than going to the grocery store . 

			neg: is the num_num than something in your num_num .

			pos: is the num_num than something in your num_num .

1127: pos:	wilton always has good quality and the larger size works nice for puffy sugar cookies . 

			neg: there was great , but a metal size that has just very pleased with sound .

			pos: there was great , but a little good thing is great , they are great .

1128: pos:	what i know for certain is that if you re not a  gadget head  ,  you probably won t like it . 

			neg: what i know , but that they can t don t have that is not worth the small game with it .

			pos: what i know , but that they can t don t have that is not worth the small game with it .

1129: neg:	lee seems to think that the length of men s shorts begins with an num_extend inseam . 

			neg: not to other than , have a few people have a work with the colors are .

			pos: lots of headphones are looking like the reviews and they should be being able to install .

1130: pos:	no complaints and my wife loves the color . 

			neg: no own my husband and it was nice .

			pos: no complaints and my wife loves the color .

1131: neg:	the case fit okay but not attractive at all . 

			neg: the phone doesn t last great on hair look fine .

			pos: the phone doesn t last great deal even just very .

1132: pos:	i m not sure why this grinder got so many mixed reviews . 

			neg: i m not sure why this case for these so excited from .

			pos: i m not sure why this as i used num_num years of others .

1133: neg:	as i get hit ,  my health endurance goes down . 

			neg: as it if you is a time , keep the .

			pos: as it if you is a time , keep the .

1134: pos:	i use it to turn thngs i m frying all the time with no problems . 

			neg: i use it to protect it is now in all it is it out .

			pos: i used my lot of them , and it is not done it out .

1135: pos:	these small cookie scoops made perfectly uniform two inch cookies . 

			neg: that there are easy to charge num_extend up with num_num .

			pos: that there are easy to charge num_extend up our new .

1136: pos:	i m pretty sure that it is quite impossible for this to store or leak water in any way . 

			neg: we also can work with the num_num years , it seems to be well , your back to get .

			pos: we also can work with the num_num years , you look at all in water to make it .

1137: pos:	voice command is better on this set than other ones i ve tried . 

			neg: its kind instead , but i have an iphone which i ve tried .

			pos: its kind instead , but i have an iphone which i ve tried .

1138: neg:	while it does work for some folks ,  i found it completely inadequate for my needs . 

			neg: while it is right and they can t know i expected it num_num times in them .

			pos: while it is right and they can t know i am not after a month .

1139: neg:	as far as i can tell ,  the quality of the product seems ok . 

			neg: as far as if it is in the quality of the product is not .

			pos: as far as if it is in the quality of the product is not .

1140: neg:	they would flip off or get hung up due to poorly rolling wheels . 

			neg: i really like your iphone from a lot to say the num_num plus .

			pos: i really like your iphone from a lot to say the num_num plus .

1141: pos:	these tongs seem to have the locking mechanism backwards . 

			neg: these comes out of you have a bit complaints .

			pos: these comes out of you have a bit complaints .

1142: pos:	i ve now tried the device twice ,  and have found it to be quite effective . 

			neg: i ve tried both this device , and took the $ i can be working out .

			pos: i ve tried both this device , and took the $ i can look at all .

1143: neg:	one thing is the amazingly poor unit a . i . 

			neg: one of this is not the first as it .

			pos: one of this is not the perfect product on .

1144: pos:	get it ,  it s worth the price for sure . 

			neg: you get exactly what you will money on and buy it .

			pos: you get exactly what you will and buy a reason . . . . . . . . . . .

1145: neg:	i expected an improvement in signal strength from my tiny usb direct plugin type . 

			neg: i really liked the big in num_num months of the back and can order .

			pos: i really liked the big in num_num months of the back and can order .

1146: pos:	there is no warming plate in the unit but it doesn t need one . 

			neg: there is very not in my pocket on the only part had it .

			pos: there is not very in the case to set the only need one .

1147: pos:	i like the easy of getting my slacks on and off the hanger and the hangers are very sturdy . 

			neg: i like a little on and the day and it is in a little well and they are great .

			pos: i like a little on and the day and it is in a little well and they are great .

1148: neg:	my first suggestion to anyone reading reviews on this product is to keep looking . 

			neg: my first reviewer made one for others like this one of more of them .

			pos: my first batch of num_num stars because of this thing is getting to be .

1149: neg:	i will say it was not acidic nor bitter .  .  .  . but just not much coffee flavor either . 

			neg: it these . . . . . just isn t then but it is not , and not too heavy .

			pos: it these . . . . . just isn t then but it is not , and not too heavy .

1150: pos:	i was actually surprised at how quickly this thing ran through the num_num apples that i bought . 

			neg: i was all lasted more use , after a lot of these have num_num years of these .

			pos: i was all lasted more use , after a lot of these have num_num years of these .

1151: pos:	the blue here is quite vivid; it stands out in use and in the bottom of a purse . 

			neg: the material was really well on the num_num or it , and has been a little in place .

			pos: the material was really well on the num_num or it , and the rest of the pan quickly .

1152: neg:	as to how well this case will protect the phone from drops i am not sure . 

			neg: as much , it and it didn t turn the plastic but that it s just .

			pos: as much , it and it didn t turn the plastic but that it s just .

1153: pos:	things i notice so far : + bluetooth num_extend streaming is solid . 

			neg: they think they were best and still would work good , .

			pos: they think they were best and still would work good , .

1154: pos:	i use it charge my batteries since my usb port is not an option . 

			neg: i use it over it several months and got the really nice piece of these .

			pos: i use it over it several months and got the really nice piece of these .

1155: pos:	fasy to keep clean and a real treasure . 

			neg: needed to the very durable , just just .

			pos: needed to the very durable , just just .

1156: neg:	for some reason it worked out terribly for me . 

			neg: for some reason it ended up even for me .

			pos: for some reason it looked pretty much after a refund .

1157: pos:	stopped using it immediately and called cs to let them know because it was still under warranty . 

			neg: stopped using it once from num_extend to say i use it for a refund and it was useless .

			pos: after charging it s as much great for it s for me , i was working as well .

1158: neg:	i would rather buy a dvd with the cut scenes from the game than pay $ for this game . 

			neg: i would waste some reason for the back in the store , not to spend a brand for i don t .

			pos: i would be looking on about a lot of the last a big deal , i can t buy this .

1159: neg:	amazon does not provide enough information about this press . 

			neg: was not the num_extend to be that i didn t .

			pos: was not the num_extend to be that i didn t .

1160: pos:	just make sure that you don t misplace the spout stopper . 

			neg: just make sure that you don t change the screen on .

			pos: just make sure that you don t change the screen on .

1161: neg:	yes ,  they worked fine the first time i used them ,  fresh out of the package . 

			neg: yes with is the num_extend and this product with them and it is no difference in you .

			pos: dont know the num_extend months , after i all it s at a big deal on the dishwasher .

1162: neg:	multiplayer is just as bad ,  though thankfully not worse . 

			neg: wouldn t work perfect in , then i really in china .

			pos: not and good in the better price with the food .

1163: neg:	i was bored after the first num_num minutes . 

			neg: i was gone on my favorite up and .

			pos: i was gone on my favorite up and .

1164: neg:	guess i should gotten one of those again ,  but serves me right for being a cheap skate . 

			neg: guess i would be the best buy one or $ on the price and will be my own .

			pos: guess i would be the best buy one or $ on the price and will be my own .

1165: neg:	i loved the food for my cats as you can read below . 

			neg: i loved the food for my dog like this size with a .

			pos: i loved the heavy time for the price of this for a bad .

1166: pos:	i received them as a christmas present and i love them . 

			neg: i received them as a few weeks and i love them .

			pos: i received them as a few weeks and i love them .

1167: neg:	th product features and editorial review spell germany as the origin of manufacture . 

			neg: don t think num_num times in amazon , i m an order size .

			pos: don t think num_num times in amazon , i m an order size .

1168: neg:	it didn t work for me hopefully other people will have better luck . 

			neg: it didn t work for me here is going worth it would better .

			pos: it didn t work for me here is going worth it would better .

1169: neg:	flavor :  it has some tangy notes ,  and overall not bad . 

			neg: also , do this stuff seems well , but also really .

			pos: also , do this stuff seems well , but also too bad .

1170: neg:	mine is a piece of junk ,  as far as i am concerned . 

			neg: i m just also in the kitchen , but was glad i am not .

			pos: i m just also in the kitchen and product was so i was .

1171: pos:	it did what it was supposed to do . 

			neg: it did what it was supposed to do .

			pos: it did what it was supposed to do .

1172: neg:	would have been alot nicer if it simply threaded in with the correct alignment . 

			neg: one have been made of this item out in the picture for the store .

			pos: this would help with this one of your car on the taste on amazon .

1173: pos:	 :   just never ,  ever ,  use soap on cast iron . 

			neg: although not also with it , however to cook on money .

			pos: overall there is on it and i don t want for me .

1174: pos:	put num_num quart of water into the machine . 

			neg: for a num_extend comes easy into the machine .

			pos: making this is easy to fit a whole .

1175: neg:	probably because this is an aluminum shell you re wrapping around the phone ,  makes sense . 

			neg: although i just don t had a lot , they don t look a handle , there is .

			pos: although i just don t had a small way it s easy to the handle is all .

1176: pos:	this keeps the cord out of the way and above the board . 

			neg: this cover to just get a lot it is a way .

			pos: this cover to just get a lot it is a way .

1177: neg:	if you do order this product ,  hang on to the instructions to figure out how to change battery . 

			neg: if you do this product for the product , it out to get a few items with it is .

			pos: if you do this product for the product , it out to get a few items with it is .

1178: neg:	it is best to invest in a good set of makeup brushes . 

			neg: it is best to add a second and an issue has worked .

			pos: it is best to add a replacement pan from this problem are .

1179: pos:	other reviews had written that this product was not a brushed steel ,  but was instead a shiny finish . 

			neg: good idea that only a review because it has a very good thing is great for the coffee material .

			pos: good however that i can love the product because the num_num is a great deal , which is the phone .

1180: pos:	i use is for more than deep frying . 

			neg: i use money just used , more from .

			pos: i use money just used , more from .

1181: neg:	i am only giving this item num_num stars because of the absurd price . 

			neg: i am only one for others only good for this game and useless .

			pos: i am only one for others only good for this game great results .

1182: pos:	i sprinkle a little flour on the rolls before stamping to prevent sticking . 

			neg: i opened up hard to the battery on they want a month out .

			pos: i opened up hard to the battery on they want a month out .

1183: neg:	this does not appear to attract more mosquitos than the light does by itself . 

			neg: this does not can t work with a less than the material is a bit .

			pos: this does not can t work with a more than the handle is a bad .

1184: pos:	it was the finger next to his hole finger . 

			neg: it was the first even on a lot worked .

			pos: it was the first even on a little problems .

1185: pos:	it s almost like putting the phone into a high end pair of socks . 

			neg: it s cute and on the phone easy to the size instead of it .

			pos: it s cute for the phone in the very nice looking set may recommend .

1186: pos:	i can t imagine one of these racks ever collapsing with an item on top of it . 

			neg: i can t send one of these with one of these with the box , the same .

			pos: i can t believe me had this two people , i have to a day of this .

1187: neg:	it almost fit ,  but not enough to snap completely together and fit . 

			neg: it looks as an hour and can t look at the screen , either .

			pos: it looks as an hour and can t look at the screen , either .

1188: pos:	we are ice cream lovers and fussy about the quality of ice cream . 

			neg: we are easy to now , and make sure of a good waste .

			pos: we are easy to now , and make sure of a great deal .

1189: pos:	also these attachment pieces are very easy to clean . 

			neg: also people have very easy to work great of water .

			pos: also they would work very large , look great .

1190: neg:	add enough water to get a nice dough consistency and roll into a log shape . 

			neg: look like easy to in the water is fine but some nice addition to clean .

			pos: look like easy to in the water is fine but some nice addition to clean .

1191: pos:	i wanted a mini processor that would allow me to add ingredients at it chopped . 

			neg: i wanted a better issue and have really have to be better with the store .

			pos: i wanted a better issue and have really have to be better with the store .

1192: neg:	after taking one bite from the thinkthin creamy peanut butter bar ,  i think they were doing me a favor . 

			neg: after getting a year of the num_num of all than it , but that i m not something wrong .

			pos: after getting a year of the num_num of all than it , but i m going to find me ? .

1193: pos:	only negative was delifery was num_num days late . 

			neg: only reason was almost only and works forward .

			pos: only reason was almost only and num_num many .

1194: neg:	it did seem harder to rinse off than other scrubs i ve used ,  even other neutrogena products . 

			neg: it did look like some expensive and will be disappointed that i use it for more cheap and .

			pos: it still doesn t be to be , and these than these . . . i wanted that too small ! .

1195: pos:	i just received a replacement bb curve from verizon . 

			neg: i just received a battery for an excellent price .

			pos: i just received a battery for an excellent price .

1196: pos:	oh ,  and the battery life is pretty decent . 

			neg: yes , and the battery life is pretty heavy .

			pos: yes , and the battery life is pretty heavy .

1197: pos:	used to to monitor my computer s power consumption and keep the electric bill down . 

			neg: used to add one and it s num_num minutes and will fit over your iphone .

			pos: used to add one and it s num_num minutes and will fit over your iphone .

1198: neg:	i consumed this expensive probiotic few months ago religiously after seeing so many positive reviews . 

			neg: i read to other times and a week and i found about a year here .

			pos: i read to other times and a week and i found about a year here .

1199: pos:	it was fairly consistent and overall i was happy with the function ,  if not the form . 

			neg: it was pretty as well was as i expected it , but it isn t in the .

			pos: it was quite good as well i was only for me , it in the taste on .

1200: pos:	i dropped phone once and the case held up perfectly . 

			neg: it arrived so perfect , my iphone into the num_extend pan .

			pos: i tried the coffee and my iphone the pan looks well on .

1201: neg:	there is no menu selection for find free books . 

			neg: there is no longer as much think it is better .

			pos: there is not easy with item , much better .

1202: pos:	i must say that this is truly a great product for your grating and zesting needs . 

			neg: i are the fact that amazon is a lot , but came out by me .

			pos: i are the item that is the quality and didn t want it by num_num weeks .

1203: neg:	the divider tray is a shallow ,  flimsy piece of plastic that is only about a half inch deep . 

			neg: the handles was hard , instead of a great design that are the num_num years of my new life .

			pos: the handles was hard , instead of a great design that are the num_num years of the num_num years .

1204: neg:	i ve had this for a bout a week now and have made about num_num cups of coffee . 

			neg: i ve had this for a half , and it was going to recommend a num_num star quality .

			pos: i ve had this for a half , and it was going used to be good from amazon .

1205: neg:	i will always have slight pain ,  no matter what . 

			neg: i will not believe they all of water with it .

			pos: i will always have a much sound in all with it .

1206: pos:	we tried to go economically ,  but in the world of garlic presses ,  you get what you pay for . 

			neg: we tried to go fine , i could be a top of you know , with you can t use it .

			pos: we used it away .

1207: neg:	the material that it is made of is like a dirt magnet . 

			neg: the material that it is made of a good like the glass .

			pos: the material that s doesn taste and need a pan is supposed to .

1208: neg:	however a couple hours after taking this vitamin i would have a stomachache for several hours . 

			neg: as a year out , i gave it on the case for those of years ago .

			pos: as a year out , i took my set of these than this one and .

1209: neg:	i instructed my children to be gentle ,  and supervised them at all times . 

			neg: i received out of , num_num minutes , with num_num months later it worked .

			pos: i received out of course or and in num_extend with num_num months there .

1210: neg:	it works for maybe a few minutes and wears off quickly . 

			neg: it works for about a good num_num minutes , and working off .

			pos: it works for about a good num_num minutes , and working off .

1211: neg:	the directions were easy to follow but the quality of the easel was pathetic . 

			neg: it is an num_extend and you want a size of it was just .

			pos: it does be good to use the quality of the one and it is .

1212: neg:	as other reviewers have noted ,  the corners of the box are very hard to clean . 

			neg: as other reviewers . it has a lot of this , is supposed to hold up , .

			pos: as other reviewers . it has a lot of this , is supposed to hold up , .

1213: pos:	so kuhn rikon leads you to believe that this is high quality stainless steel whisk made in switzerland . 

			neg: so cute with such like the kitchen that this is simple is a big waste of them .

			pos: so far to the idea , they had is a good quality oil , are a lot of .

1214: neg:	waste of money ,  waste of time ,  waste of blood . 

			neg: waste of money , like a deal , instead of the money .

			pos: waste of money , like a deal , instead of the money .

1215: pos:	i installed this on a horizantaly sliding window . 

			neg: i received it to this size and go .

			pos: i received it to this size and go .

1216: neg:	this case is far from what i expected . 

			neg: this case is far from what i expected .

			pos: this case is far from what i expected .

1217: pos:	love this mixer ,  wasn t near as loud as some were saying . 

			neg: love this price , it was from the money , but not going .

			pos: love this price , it was from the money , but not going .

1218: pos:	this bookcase ,  once assembled is sturdy and solid ,  which is what i wanted . 

			neg: like it was all , and great and , is , which i m sure .

			pos: this pan ! it is great , and good , and don t think i bought .

1219: pos:	this is spectacularly bad because ,  without the filter ,  the pan clogs and doesn t drain . 

			neg: this is a recommend this , and you fit in my first size , at the phone .

			pos: this is a recommend , but it in the job on the coffee , and it does .

1220: neg:	i love soda probably more than i should and one of my favorite flavors for it is cherry . 

			neg: i guess i m really had to amazon , but most of it just as it s fine .

			pos: i now would be better than it would be perfect , i didn t think it just for me .

1221: pos:	these wine stoppers are very inexpensive and certainly do the job . 

			neg: these handles that very nice so far , it seems fine .

			pos: these handles that very nice so far , it seems fine .

1222: neg:	i could gently run my fingers through my hair and be left with a handful of hair . 

			neg: i didn t add a month in all day and very useful in you pay a few .

			pos: i can t both in the iphone , and no num_num for a lot of money .

1223: pos:	it makes it easy and neat to store and access all of your scarves . 

			neg: it makes it and easy to me and use , very difficult to the .

			pos: it makes it and easy to me and , and look a lot .

1224: pos:	glad i went for this one over some of the less expensive ones . 

			neg: i m getting for my last one to the little larger ones are .

			pos: i m bought this for over two the size of more of that .

1225: pos:	cleans up nice and cooks waffles in a reasonable amount of time . 

			neg: cleans up easy and does work in addition to the quality time .

			pos: cleans up easy and does work for a hard game , iphone .

1226: pos:	short blades and longer handles give you the leverage you need for tough cutting . 

			neg: a better shape are not it didn t need to have to $ from .

			pos: a better shape are not it didn t need if you can be happy out .

1227: pos:	and it s much much cheaper than getting it at the cusinart parts site . 

			neg: and it s much better than something as it to make num_num times .

			pos: and it s much better than something as it to make num_num times .

1228: pos:	then into my phone and it chargers my phone . 

			neg: then into my phone and it s as nice broke .

			pos: then into my phone and it s as nice broke .

1229: pos:	great dutch oven ,  works well and fun to use on camping trips . 

			neg: great shape ! my hair and and made things like the iphone and .

			pos: great pan ! ! all and works to use to put them .

1230: pos:	the otterbox defender series is by far the best available . 

			neg: the company was a num_num of num_extend , these should me .

			pos: the company was a num_num of num_extend , these should me .

1231: neg:	too bulky and there are better products out there in single units . 

			neg: too thin though : look better products out of it away .

			pos: too thin though : look better products out of it up .

1232: neg:	does not give me any confidence in buying any of the discovery kids toys . 

			neg: the really thought it will back with this can t get buying a better .

			pos: the really thought it will be after trying to the game will be years .

1233: neg:	this case looks so great on the phone ,  and protects it very well from drops . 

			neg: this case worked very perfectly like the phone , and it worked fine at all .

			pos: this case worked very perfectly like the phone , and it worked fine at all .

1234: pos:	this turner has worked well for the last few years . 

			neg: this has worked like num_extend at this my num_num years .

			pos: this is it is at almost it for num_num months i .

1235: neg:	i have very soft skin so my beard comes in light at some parts under my neck . 

			neg: i don t look very pleased and i have a bit too large for a lot to use .

			pos: i have very sturdy store and i have a look forward to hold up for the store .

1236: neg:	i would suggest a more tropical flavor with chilled water . 

			neg: i probably would be a small do not use the taste .

			pos: i probably would be a small do not use top out .

1237: neg:	old grandson loves all things that have to do with construction . 

			neg: still liked there and better you re sure you want them .

			pos: still liked there and better you re sure you want them .

1238: pos:	but i like the phone to be up higher on the windshield . recommended . 

			neg: but i like the phone out from a lot of these .

			pos: but i like the phone out from a lot of these .

1239: neg:	maybe a num_extend old girl could wear it . 

			neg: maybe a num_extend num_num will thought it didn .

			pos: maybe a num_extend num_num will thought it in these .

1240: pos:	heavy ,  patterned glass ,  and very classy looking on the table . 

			neg: sturdy , long , not great and , even on the design .

			pos: sturdy , long , not great and , even on the design .

1241: pos:	i have not been able to stop using it . 

			neg: i have not been able to use it on .

			pos: i have not been able to use it on .

1242: neg:	so please stop buying this and maybe they will lower the price . 

			neg: so maybe on me because i m going to it should last quality .

			pos: so maybe on me because i m going to it should last quality .

1243: neg:	held a charge for a better part of the day ,  now i cant get more num_num hours . 

			neg: over your gift and had a lot of times , i didn t own it away back .

			pos: over your gift and had a lot of times , i didn t recommend the num_num to me ! .

1244: neg:	i haven t seen any improvement yet aside from the money that i am missing . 

			neg: i am not sure with the num_num stars by the price that i m doing .

			pos: i am not sure with the num_num stars by the price that i m doing .

1245: neg:	soe decided to push it to live a whole num_num weeks sooner than that . 

			neg: although takes about a lot of it is easy to replace num_num stars ! .

			pos: although takes about a lot of it and a little problems and had better .

1246: neg:	it s not overpowering ,  it is not like perfume . 

			neg: it s not , they also doesn t work of this .

			pos: it s not , they also doesn t work of this .

1247: neg:	num_extend has much better graphics ,  better sound ,  slightly better control . 

			neg: awesome ! don t work better , don t be cheap in there are terrible .

			pos: num_extend of these products , heavy . there is high than the cheap .

1248: pos:	however ,  slicing up tons of veggies can be quite time consuming . 

			neg: however , each piece is supposed to hold the num_num months of them .

			pos: however , each piece is supposed to hold the num_extend num_num of time .

1249: neg:	but the buttons have stopped working ,  no speaker ,  no caller id ,  nothing in the buttons work . 

			neg: but the screen it comes out the phone and there , no way , but it looks nice .

			pos: but the screen it comes out the phone and there , no way , but it looks nice .

1250: pos:	i mainly use my blentec now but haven t sold the vitamix yet . 

			neg: i use the battery as so i m going from it would work .

			pos: i use the battery and i bought screen but worth the only better .

1251: pos:	not a problem at all . the case does make a large phone even larger . 

			neg: not a problem at all times the top of the screen and can look of coffee .

			pos: does not care about all the phone has been a very easy to make coffee .

1252: neg:	also the headphones do not feel comfortable on your head . 

			neg: also you haven t have very easy like it makes .

			pos: also you haven t have very easy you feel like they fit .

1253: neg:	claritin used to be the best thing around . 

			neg: for some issues , not on my taste .

			pos: for some issues , not on my lot of .

1254: neg:	it really is like they didn t take anything at all . 

			neg: it really is like they didn t take out at all .

			pos: it really is like they didn t take out at all .

1255: pos:	most of us know the importance of sharp knives for proper food preparation and gracious serving . 

			neg: also like some reason , makes sure , num_num years of tea or for num_extend

			pos: also like some reason , makes sure , num_num years of tea or num_num times , .

1256: pos:	i love the fact i can be connected to my phone and computer at the same time . 

			neg: i love the fact that will hold over a long time and it and didn t go .

			pos: i love the fact that it into a better cord and it was very while on it .

1257: pos:	i was glad to see it was still available . 

			neg: i was glad to see it was still going .

			pos: i was glad to see it was still going .

1258: neg:	i tried everything short of breaking the thing open . 

			neg: i tried them , just have a with the design .

			pos: i tried them , just have a with the design .

1259: pos:	very easy to put on ,  no bubbles whatsoever . 

			neg: very easy to put it , can either easily .

			pos: very easy to put it , can either easily .

1260: pos:	this the first anolon product that i ve bought but i will be buying more . 

			neg: this stuff , my only reason for i think i bought some people will be .

			pos: it has a review , but i ve bought these than another more .

1261: pos:	i can see i will be using it a lot . 

			neg: i can see i will be using it a lot .

			pos: if i should have to last month of the dishwasher .

1262: pos:	i was concerned for the price that these measuring cups would be flimsy . 

			neg: i was surprised to this works but i really thought more than sound .

			pos: i was surprised to this works but i really thought more than sound .

1263: pos:	the complication is the heft of the phone . 

			neg: the fabric is the box look the first .

			pos: the motor is a problem , the screen .

1264: pos:	i have owned it for two years and it is a work horse . 

			neg: i have owned it for two years and it is a few sizes .

			pos: i have owned it for two years and it is a very useful .

1265: neg:	they need a strap to hold them on and could use to be more durable . 

			neg: they aren t to hold on num_num to charge , i m going to be easier .

			pos: they aren t to hold on num_num to remove it and had fun to be too .

1266: pos:	that said ,  i really love this little tool and haven t had any problems with it at all . 

			neg: that this is that s the one is better , even on these will have to work at it .

			pos: that this is that s the one is better and it to make it on about num_num hours .

1267: neg:	other reviews seemed more positive ,  but i just gave mine away . 

			neg: other one is better than the other one bought the num_num last longer .

			pos: other one is better than the other one bought the num_num last longer .

1268: pos:	i did not even bother to mention this initially ,  because quite frankly ,  i don t see the point . 

			neg: i did not even pay on the money and it i don t feel , but if it doesn t .

			pos: i did not even pay in the house but i don t feel , and i have the same .

1269: pos:	i used this set with a toaster oven and with a coleman camping oven . 

			neg: i used this set with a couple months and do of my cell phone .

			pos: i used this set with a couple months s hard for my own glass .

1270: neg:	i dumped all num_num screen protectors in the trash bin . 

			neg: i expected the very good num_num bit of this pan .

			pos: i agree up and still really in the product well .

1271: pos:	i bought the lowest priced model more to test the brand than anything else . 

			neg: i bought the money didn t be better than this one of anything better .

			pos: i bought the money didn t be better than this game more than something .

1272: pos:	you place all the ingredients into the bread maker . 

			neg: it , the very clear it makes over , .

			pos: it , the very clear it makes over , .

1273: pos:	my dish feels very solid to the touch . 

			neg: my pocket is easy out fits in you either .

			pos: my pocket is easy up in you clean .

1274: neg:	i am just not sure what size to order and there are better options out there . 

			neg: i am not just buy my own in the other people are well made me out .

			pos: i am not just using it by the price . there is better or something out .

1275: pos:	it is very easy to operate and the handle is broad; easy to hold onto . 

			neg: it is very easy to clean it was nice , easy to hold up .

			pos: it is very easy to clean it was nice , easy to just look fine .

1276: pos:	the front of the case meets the glass seamlessly making it look like part of the phone . 

			neg: the pan makes it didn t handle , or two of it and it makes the cup .

			pos: the pan makes it didn t feel a lot so it easy to have a little product .

1277: neg:	and here i thought that i finally found a good ,  heatlhy ,  wholesome pet treat for my dog . 

			neg: and i now i would think that s now a num_num of a few years of it , but ! .

			pos: and why i thought i bought these is a better , and i m not in a year here .

1278: pos:	this is the first french press i have owned ,  and bought ss due to fear of glass breaking . 

			neg: this is also like the product , i bought this num_num months of that , with a look good .

			pos: this is also like the product , i bought this num_num months of that , with a look good .

1279: neg:	i connected to an old wallmart num_extend amp rated at num_num watts peak and tuned with a dmm . 

			neg: i can be done another num_num is a new iphone at different , and it worked for a refund .

			pos: i can be done another num_num is a new iphone at different , and it worked for a refund .

1280: pos:	this is definitely not the case with the num_extend

			neg: this is definitely not the case with the num_extend

			pos: this is definitely not the case with the num_extend

1281: pos:	i don t know how i ever managed without this handy devise . 

			neg: i don t know how i have two weeks on my kitchen .

			pos: i don t know how i never have owned to my old .

1282: pos:	this is a great grill ,  for single ,  couples ,  or families . 

			neg: this is a great case to find by my skin , made from .

			pos: this is a great case to use , next long , taste for .

1283: neg:	we also put things like our small shovel ,  empty watering can ,  and bag of soil on the bottom shelves . 

			neg: so it has easy to find to use a lot of good , and have a lot of the box .

			pos: we also use to see to cook , which makes it up in a good deal on the box .

1284: pos:	but these knives are well worth their price . 

			neg: bought not that ! very with the other .

			pos: bought not that ! very with the other .

1285: neg:	as a result ,  when talking on the phone and working you can t tilt your head down . 

			neg: as a product and it in it , and did not take to turn it around .

			pos: as a fact , it for the phone . . and it takes up to get the store .

1286: pos:	i used this product to ensure my employees wouldn t be reading my email or texts messages over my shoulder . 

			neg: i used this product to send the first num_num for the store , but not a num_num times in it .

			pos: i used this product to my own one of meat for the num_extend and had no size for the time .

1287: neg:	its very ackward case and if you like to listen to music with your headset forget it . 

			neg: its very cute , but like this to put them , you want them on it .

			pos: its very cute , but when you can use to add it and you do it on .

1288: pos:	the loops stop any accidently lost or intentional disappearance . 

			neg: the handles with the back it ? and can go .

			pos: the handles with the back it ? and can go .

1289: neg:	there is nothing special about this product ,  it might as well been from the dollar store . 

			neg: there is nothing better if it wasn t when i m looking for the lot at all .

			pos: there is not so many of this product . . . but a problem for a lot at .

1290: pos:	i bought this to grind xylitol and truvia sweeteners into a powder for cooking . 

			neg: i bought this to grind and it is just in to use from both .

			pos: i bought this to grind and it is just in to use from both .

1291: pos:	we usually run it on low and it is relatively quite . 

			neg: so it s in some times and , it worked great .

			pos: so it s in some times and , it worked great .

1292: neg:	first ,  i was totally shocked by how much floor space it takes up . 

			neg: my husband said , i m going to be well for your water out .

			pos: my husband said , i m going to be well for your water out .

1293: neg:	indeed ,  the difficulty is actually harder than many games i ve played with better control schemes . 

			neg: needless , the sound quality of these and more that i ve ever made for a better .

			pos: needless , the sound quality of these and more that i ve ever made for a better .

1294: pos:	it s a very good basic headset for people who don t need anything fancy . 

			neg: it s a very great idea because they d recommend this piece of anything else .

			pos: it s a very great idea because they d recommend this piece of anything else .

1295: neg:	to top it off ,  they broke after two days . spend $ on a usable pair of headphones . 

			neg: in place out , after the iphone and it s about num_num times in one for an issue ! .

			pos: in place out , after the iphone and it s about num_num times in one for an issue ! .

1296: neg:	i would suggest buying num_num gallon ziploc bags and putting them in a backpack over using this product . 

			neg: i would suggest buying num_num months going to be fine and it came in a lot if i didn t .

			pos: i would be purchased two other sizes and to use in the num_num times for the product on .

1297: neg:	i was so excited about this product .  .  . until i got it home . 

			neg: i was so but i read it for my house when i did nothing .

			pos: i was so ok for i have the time since i have it at my purchase .

1298: pos:	it charges my phone very quickly and to full % battery . 

			neg: it charges my phone very easy to store and the screen again .

			pos: it charges my phone very easy to store and the screen again .

1299: pos:	i like these so much for everyday use ,  i am buying anoter set for my vacation home . 

			neg: i have so long for these , and we use this headset and it had a week .

			pos: i have so long for these , so pleased with this case so i had a week .

1300: pos:	well worth the money ,  wouldn t want to be without it . 

			neg: well worth the money , wouldn t want to be worth it .

			pos: well worth the money , might be able to be worth it .

1301: pos:	i will never have a phone without an otterbox again . 

			neg: i will never have a perfect stay in two now .

			pos: i will never have a perfect stay in two now .

1302: pos:	then i thought something was wrong with my car . 

			neg: then i thought about the other years with the time and .

			pos: then i thought about the other days on it and .

1303: pos:	no more expensive corkscrews for me !  get this ,  you will not be disappointed . 

			neg: not too big , but why they can t see what will not waste ? .

			pos: not too big , but why they can t like it . the worst ? ? .

1304: pos:	that is sufficiently minor as to not affect my rating . 

			neg: so don t think and didn t seem like my old .

			pos: that is uncomfortable , but not able to my husband .

1305: pos:	the num_extend display is covered with slightly curved gorilla glass that both looks and feels great . 

			neg: the phone is going to don t hold them and did not work great , very fast .

			pos: the phone is going to handle to me that looks great when its great very sturdy .

1306: pos:	it has a nice clean look to it ,  is well balanced and has a good pump action . 

			neg: this has a very easy lid , look like and it is great , and this is not fine .

			pos: this has a very easy lid , look like and it is great , and this is not fine .

1307: pos:	because it s made of cast iron ,  scorching is minimized . 

			neg: because it s made of reviews , they is a dog .

			pos: because it s made of cast iron pan s a better .

1308: pos:	i bought one of those mentioned before and was really disappointed in the results i got . 

			neg: i bought one of these of these and was better than the battery on this time .

			pos: i bought one of these of these and was better than the battery on this time .

1309: neg:	out went the four year old ,  used about four dozen times ,  out of warranty ,  krups panini grill . 

			neg: out two of several num_num stars is about it s for a local store of of the num_num weeks .

			pos: out two of several num_num stars and they re already had a local store , in their reviews later .

1310: neg:	does this ever happen to the cpu ?  rarely . 

			neg: the item doesn t go wrong in their food .

			pos: the item doesn t go wrong in their food .

1311: pos:	i imagine it will make soups even better than the old one as well . 

			neg: i tried the way to try too much size . . . but it was great .

			pos: i tried the way to try too much size . . . . but my num_extend

1312: neg:	i have not used this very many times due to the extreme tangling it causes . 

			neg: i have some reason he loves of them , it didn t help in these .

			pos: i have some reason he loves of them , it didn t help in these .

1313: pos:	the fit is perfect ,  the pocket in front is useful and i love the colors . 

			neg: the fit is perfect , in the water and has works for the price : .

			pos: the fit is perfect , in the water and has num_num years , i also .

1314: pos:	like all poppers of this type it is simple to use and does a good job . 

			neg: like all looking , it would hold this is and they feel a nice coffee etc .

			pos: when really don t like the product were easy to install and has a great job .

1315: pos:	and i like the fact that it has folding prongs ,  which prevents them from breaking like my former one . 

			neg: and i like the fact that it has mentioned and they can t work , and got an hour of time .

			pos: and i like the fact that it has happened , and they can be a year and had the device .

1316: pos:	very nice unit ,  easy to assemble and operate . 

			neg: very nice unit , easy to use and great .

			pos: very nice unit , easy to use and great .

1317: neg:	i would not buy this again in the future . 

			neg: i would not buy it because some in it .

			pos: i would not buy it because some in it .

1318: pos:	the construction is solid ,  and the overall look is attractive . the cap is of course a convenient jigger  measuring cup  . 

			neg: the material is fine , and the screen protector is made it has a great idea of the plastic which is not .

			pos: the material is fine , and the screen protector is that it makes the plastic cord , but not a good value .

1319: neg:	crayola makes the best crayons ,  don t get me wrong . 

			neg: won t also in all i don t waste your amazon again .

			pos: spend all of the price , there of the best much .

1320: neg:	perhaps it won t rust ,  but upclose it looks a little cheesey . 

			neg: maybe it can t say and it also doesn t be very in the sound .

			pos: maybe it can t say and it also doesn t be very in the screen .

1321: neg:	at least amazon is good on returns  and thank you to customer service  . 

			neg: at least others is perfect for me , but they don t be disappointed .

			pos: at least others is perfect for me , but they don t be disappointed .

1322: pos:	it is also not grinding long enough to generate sufficient heat to alter taste to me . 

			neg: it is also turned out and to be looking for your hair or some of them .

			pos: it is also turned out and to be looking for your hair or some of them .

1323: pos:	simple !  does the job it was intended for . 

			neg: are also in all times the price for num_extend .

			pos: are also in all my device works for the results .

1324: neg:	so i just thought maybe it ll help keep my acne away . 

			neg: so i just thought maybe it won t be the back for me .

			pos: so i just thought maybe it won t be the back for me .

1325: pos:	i ve been using this for months ,  and like it very much . 

			neg: i ve been using this for months , and like it very much .

			pos: i ve been using this for months , and like it very much .

1326: neg:	i even used extra gloss over the top to help but it was just to strong for my lips . 

			neg: i even used at a bit one of the pocket on and needed to my own size for .

			pos: i even used at a screen on the usb port .

1327: neg:	let me be clear ,  i returned it because i don t think it is made of safe material . 

			neg: it is or after the price , i ve ever , but i don t feel that ? not .

			pos: it is or after the price , i ve ever , but i don t feel that ? not .

1328: neg:	its tollable but thats not the best thing to say about headphones . 

			neg: both i are also never like the worst ones that they were .

			pos: num_extend it works just the best you can love it more than these .

1329: pos:	infact ,  i just had a request from a friend to order num_num for herself and num_num for her friends . 

			neg: needless to amazon , had a great looking for an hour and had num_num for num_num hours for me .

			pos: needless to amazon , had a great looking for an hour and had num_num for num_num hours for me .

1330: neg:	i bought these for my toddler after reading a glowing review in a parenting magazine . 

			neg: i bought these for my son for both of my second for a difference .

			pos: i bought these for my son for both in one of this pan away .

1331: pos:	it s a peppy pink ,  which is distinctive and makes my phone stand apart . 

			neg: it s nice , only comfortable , which is a very perfectly like my ear .

			pos: it s nice , only comfortable , which is a few hours the case looks .

1332: neg:	it just tasted very blah to me and even my num_num year daughter !  . 

			neg: it is not two and even a lot so but he was used again .

			pos: it is not two long at the screen and they bought as many num_extend

1333: neg:	i bought a pack of these socks in xl for our son ,  who wears a num_num shoe . 

			neg: i bought a friend of this num_num of them , i had a lot for num_num months .

			pos: i bought a friend of the iphone num_num of using , with the num_num of years ago .

1334: neg:	my dog has started to become anxious at bedtime . 

			neg: my dog has took a lot for about very .

			pos: my dog has took a lot for about very .

1335: pos:	it works as advertised so i m happy !   :   . 

			neg: it works as advertised so i am exactly money ! .

			pos: it works as advertised so i am exactly money ! .

1336: pos:	item arrived in num_num days in bulk packaging exactly like j . 

			neg: item as it is strong and it was a lot for others .

			pos: item as it is strong and it was a lot for others .

1337: pos:	for the size ,  weight and price it is really worth it . 

			neg: for the handle , from coffee , i am really not worth it .

			pos: for the handle , but nice and i don t work not worth it .

1338: pos:	i just flipped the pan over ,  and there they were . 

			neg: i really didn t put a case or $ it s more .

			pos: i really didn t put a case or $ it s more .

1339: neg:	my original review gave this product num_num stars but i just knocked that down to num_num stars . 

			neg: my husband one i got one star wrong that it was just going to send it away .

			pos: my husband one i ordered one of these and i decided to send them from two .

1340: neg:	i did not know that the mark iii i as getting had grips that cannot be removed . 

			neg: i also used it is not for this , but i would work for an extra money .

			pos: i also they re just if it is glad i have to replace num_num is looking at .

1341: pos:	it just works !  there are two usb outlets ,  and they provide one micro usb cable . 

			neg: it is still going to work of num_extend buttons with a year and it can just fine .

			pos: it is still going to work . . . just really like it and was an hour , etc .

1342: pos:	just beware of the different method of cleaning for these iron skillets or an iron cook items . 

			neg: great have a huge lot of cast iron pans to send it by num_num of products .

			pos: great have a more of the num_extend to cast iron used , they are a num_num of them .

1343: neg:	so after two months of use ,  working in it . 

			neg: so after two months of use , each of it .

			pos: so after two months of use , each of it .

1344: pos:	once the vent starts hissing ,  i let it hiss for about num_num more minutes . 

			neg: both , it didn t work , when i will recommend for num_num minutes at all .

			pos: both , it didn t long , i have tried to replace num_num or num_num .

1345: pos:	it holds the charge like when my phone was brand new . 

			neg: it keeps it in my iphone when my good item so .

			pos: it keeps it in my iphone when my good item so .

1346: pos:	i would recommend this case to my friends . 

			neg: i would recommend this case to my kids .

			pos: i would recommend this case to my kids .

1347: neg:	nothing . it has a fragrance that is strong enough for those in the general area to smell ,  but not overpowering . 

			neg: nothing . it is the box and is much to be like this is not in a lot of num_num bucks .

			pos: nothing it is in the price , and are to have to be a set is not worth the extra money .

1348: neg:	i don t know why it has all the good reviews . 

			neg: i don t know why it has all the good reviews .

			pos: i don t know why it has all the good reviews .

1349: pos:	makes perfectly shaped loaves with nice crispy crust ,  just like your local bakery . 

			neg: does taste and you take a num_extend pan to be , it is supposed to .

			pos: does taste and you hold it and just a lot , like much difference .

1350: pos:	it is a bit pricey but ,  no bag purchase helps with savings over the long haul . 

			neg: it is a bit better , the phone but they can get it num_num months of it ! .

			pos: it is a bit useful . . . . just a month of it with the num_num months of them .

1351: pos:	the same panel buttons are there but in a better placement . 

			neg: the problem and some not work for the quality or amazon .

			pos: the problem and some not work , on a better waste .

1352: neg:	there were other vegetables included ,  but you really couldn t taste them . 

			neg: these are not better , and not would be able to work .

			pos: these are not better , and not would be able to work .

1353: neg:	maybe for a larger breed dog ,  but not for small puppies with little mouths . 

			neg: maybe for a smaller end and that would be fine with a much be looking .

			pos: maybe for a smaller end and that would be fine with a much be looking .

1354: neg:	i thought the company produced good products ,  but i was mistaken when i bought this item . 

			neg: i thought the reason was more , good but i think i did as it for others . i .

			pos: i thought the reason was more good , but i think i did as it for others . i .

1355: neg:	if you only hook up one or two things ,  they don t get more power . 

			neg: if it would be right and will look better than it doesn t be supposed to do .

			pos: if it would be over no issues and will be sure you don t be made .

1356: pos:	all my testing proves the same . hope that helps . 

			neg: all my face a problem with the new item made .

			pos: all my face a problem with the new review ! .

1357: pos:	all in all ,  though ,  happy with the product . 

			neg: all in all , though , so it in this .

			pos: all in all , though , so it in this .

1358: neg:	the quality of materials and workmanship is noticeably less . 

			neg: the quality piece of num_extend and has more great .

			pos: the quality piece of num_extend and has more great .

1359: pos:	it works in less than a second and it s completely done !  i wish i had the patent on it !  . 

			neg: it works in less than a time , it worked for me i m sure it s one of it .

			pos: it works in less than a week , but it s not going for it as it s to replace the best .

1360: neg:	what a shame ,  because all those years ago when i traveled internationally ,  nokia was a reliable phone to have . 

			neg: with a first time , other reviewers , i noticed it was a few times , and could be the best .

			pos: what a fact , she has more as many times this , i m a few times all of it .

1361: pos:	finish is great ,  and it makes great french toast . 

			neg: has great and makes use this is pretty a kitchen .

			pos: course is easy and it is a lot better quality .

1362: pos:	i ll be buying another one so i can have separate pans for meat and bread . 

			neg: i ll be buying this num_num stars but you have to be glad and works fine .

			pos: i ll be buying this num_num stars but you have to num_num months and use is .

1363: pos:	if you re into making your own pizza from scratch ,  you know that without help ,  you ll get soggy pizza crust . 

			neg: if you hold it to be sharp and do it to be , but like it to be to get a lot better .

			pos: if you hold it to be sharp and do it to be , but i can t want to make it to be fine .

1364: neg:	i bought this for my num_num month old daughter ,  and it isn t a very good toy . 

			neg: i bought this for my num_num month old and i have a good quality of all headphones .

			pos: i bought this for my num_num month old and i have a good quality of all headphones .

1365: neg:	by the time i was done ,  it was too loose and of course can t return it . 

			neg: by the time i was done , it was too large and it is a lot if i will .

			pos: by the time i received all it , i m very uncomfortable to just like it s on .

1366: neg:	i would definitely not have ordered it if i had known how much trouble it would be to use . 

			neg: i would definitely not order this i ve had it and they have to be that if you work .

			pos: i would definitely not order this i ve had it and they have to be that if you work .

1367: neg:	i used this along with another similar product ,  for over num_num months . 

			neg: i used this with the new review for a deal for my num_num months .

			pos: i used this to return these for a review for a few times and .

1368: neg:	needless to say ,  i decided to just by a lamaze maternity bra for $

			neg: needless to say , i decided to be a great game for num_num years .

			pos: needless to say , i decided to be a great deal for a try and .

1369: neg:	i don t think the saying  you get what you pay  . 

			neg: i don t think the best to get what you do .

			pos: i don t think the best to get what you do .

1370: neg:	this is a cheap trackball mouse and not as good as the microsoft trackball mouse that costs much more . 

			neg: this is a good more .

			pos: this is a good more .

1371: neg:	if you want a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category . 

			neg: if you want a better amount of these that for your money to read .

			pos: if you want a better amount of these that for your money for the price .

1372: neg:	enfamil infant is characterized by choline and dha . 

			neg: tastes like num_num is a much fine money .

			pos: tastes like num_num is a much fine money .

1373: neg:	you dont get so much sand with this . 

			neg: you can now do to work if it .

			pos: you can now do to work if it .

1374: neg:	i tried playing the dvd in num_num different slots in the carousel and had the same exact problem . 

			neg: i tried with the first num_num to be a couple of the other one of the same problem .

			pos: i tried with the second num_num minutes of some , and had the two of the same .

1375: pos:	they get into the corners as described and are flexible yet firm . 

			neg: they can fit in the phone and i m very useful for me .

			pos: they can fit in the phone and i m very useful for me .

1376: neg:	if you get these just be a bit careful . 

			neg: if you have two is some nice for me . not .

			pos: if you have two is some nice for me . not .

1377: pos:	hope this lasts longer than my last grinder so can buy as a gift . 

			neg: i m not if i just as at this for num_num for this size , .

			pos: i m not if i didn t be as for about getting a gift for the price .

1378: neg:	and in each town ,  you have to find the stupid pieces and rebuild the towns ,  then repeat the process . 

			neg: and in the store , it doesn t need it , and a lot of num_extend and it s a lot .

			pos: and in the store , it doesn t need it , a few minutes . . . . . i ll not hold it up .

1379: pos:	we buy them as gifts for our baking friends ,  too ,  and they love them . 

			neg: we used it as many times at it s great , and for them again .

			pos: we used it as many times at it s great , and for them again .

1380: pos:	i have had mine for almost two years and they have not frayed . 

			neg: i have had mine over and bought two and it s an issue .

			pos: i have had mine over and bought two and it s an issue .

1381: pos:	it s not a large pan and i think that is one of the reasons i like it so well . 

			neg: it s just a lot , which is as that , but it has had to find me .

			pos: it s just a lot , which is as that , but i can t have the years and it s .

1382: pos:	with grandchildren ,  this is the perfect combination of colorful and functional . 

			neg: with mind , this is just the first use by a new .

			pos: with mind , this is just the first use by a new .

1383: pos:	it s also a good size for a family of num_extend

			neg: it s also a good size for a family of num_extend

			pos: it s also a good size for a family of num_extend

1384: neg:	it reminds me more of silly putty than of a concealer . 

			neg: it will work a more than the other than the quality .

			pos: it s an extra people of a much looking in quality .

1385: pos:	i don t need this much protection every day ,  but at the airport ,  geocaching ,  etc . 

			neg: i don t expect to it and it is done and it for a big gift , .

			pos: i don t need for it up and it , and never used in a money , etc .

1386: neg:	if you cross the line ,  you lose life every num_num seconds or something like that . 

			neg: if you don t hold it in the price and there or going to find at all .

			pos: if you don t hold it in the price and no issues with heavy deal for me .

1387: neg:	it worked for maybe num_num months then died . 

			neg: it worked for maybe num_num months old at times .

			pos: it worked for maybe num_num months old at times .

1388: neg:	i was just looking for something cheaper than the gelish harmony acetone remover so i tried this . 

			neg: i was just looking for something better than the game is so well i needed this before .

			pos: i was just looking for something better than the game is so well i needed this before .

1389: pos:	i could not tell a difference at all . 

			neg: i could not believe the small at all .

			pos: i could not believe the small at all .

1390: pos:	i have been using this grill for num_num years . 

			neg: i have been using this pot for num_num years .

			pos: i have been using this pot for num_num years .

1391: pos:	the only real drawback to them are they simply won t fit into a pocket . 

			neg: the only really don t do even num_num of those out of the water just .

			pos: the only really don t do even num_num of those out of the water just .

1392: pos:	i like the oster steamer ,  it does everything it claim to do . 

			neg: i don t like it and the same phone it s made it to .

			pos: i don t like it and the same phone it s made it to .

1393: pos:	i would not suggest this on black iphones . 

			neg: i should wish it didn t like num_num .

			pos: i should wish it didn t like num_num .

1394: neg:	this is not at all expected from a respected brand like sony . 

			neg: this is not at all num_num , just looking for this is .

			pos: this is not at all num_num minutes than the reviews for those .

1395: neg:	problem with returns when you pay cash is no matter how long you ve been shopping here . 

			neg: it won t know when it s very hard to me , so i will go wrong .

			pos: it s to buy this , and there look % of what i won t buy again .

1396: neg:	my goof to not research this brand more . 

			neg: my skin could be it was had more .

			pos: my eyes of two of others i ll try .

1397: pos:	it is close to the old one i had for years . 

			neg: it is made in the old one i had for reading .

			pos: it is made in the old one i had bought for .

1398: neg:	i found these patches very hard to put on . 

			neg: i highly recommend it great small to put it in .

			pos: i highly recommend it great small to put it in .

1399: neg:	several packets of the pellets will be needed to fill the litterbox with an adequate bed . 

			neg: we also have a lot of these too difficult to charge it a lot of them .

			pos: we also have a lot of these too little for the go to clean it would break .

1400: neg:	the hash browns and eggs were more like a paste then even the smallest chunks . 

			neg: the base and they are great for those and make it easy to last .

			pos: the base and they are great for those and make a month or it fit .

1401: pos:	one to another company and two to amazon . com . 

			neg: one to another star wrong at all the company so .

			pos: one to another brand and will be returned this again .

1402: neg:	in other words ,  i rather expected this might quickly become mommy s project . 

			neg: in other , i really think it should be for the products there and it .

			pos: in other , i really think it should be for the products there and it .

1403: pos:	these are great !  !  !  i use them for my usb drives . 

			neg: these are very good ! though that i use them over a refund .

			pos: these are very good ! though that i use them a charge and .

1404: neg:	i ve not been terribly impressed with this box . 

			neg: i ve will just see them for this of .

			pos: i ve will just see them for this of .

1405: neg:	i gave this one star because of the lack of an ingredients list . amazonl ,  . 

			neg: i gave this one star , this one of less of your money would work .

			pos: i gave this one star , this one of less of your money would work .

1406: pos:	le creuset casts these cooking vessels from molten iron poured in sand moulds that are used only once . 

			neg: both like they were a few uses to be of the price and they re num_num stars for .

			pos: both like they were a few uses to be of the price and they re num_num stars for .

1407: neg:	first of all ,  i got really impressed with the ratings and reviews this game got . 

			neg: unfortunately , the perfect , i used it is not for a year of this product .

			pos: first of all , i got num_num of them , i m just purchased this in this .

1408: neg:	i will add an update if i ever figure it out . 

			neg: i will add an issue with this product with me out .

			pos: i will add an issue with this product with me out .

1409: neg:	i tried hiding them in her food and in her treats . 

			neg: i tried them in their oven at all in my hands .

			pos: i tried them in their oven at all in my hands .

1410: neg:	she didn t like the handle of this one at all . 

			neg: she didn t like the size , set it worked fine .

			pos: she didn t like the top of this one worked well .

1411: neg:	her phrases are limited ,  and could be more original ,  imo ,  for the price . 

			neg: our own a work , but seems , instead of num_num times , for the price .

			pos: our own a very like other than a bit better , but this is a deal .

1412: pos:	the knife got a tad rusty after running it through a cycle . 

			neg: the grinder came in my num_extend with two of it into my taste .

			pos: the fact came in my iphone back with the same oil from it .

1413: pos:	i m very happy with this wok !  it takes some time to get the factory coating off ,  but be patient . 

			neg: i m very happy with this ! it up to make it , it didn t hold a lot of and store .

			pos: i m very happy with this ! it up to make it , not on a lot of num_num minutes and .

1414: neg:	well it made it worse like a rubber band texture . 

			neg: well . it made it can opener in a glass .

			pos: well . it made it can opener in a glass .

1415: neg:	i ll just stick with a good mayo and skip the bacon . 

			neg: i just want to me a few uses , easy on me .

			pos: i just want to me a few uses , easy on me .

1416: pos:	these were so cheap ,  i could mess up twice and still have an extra after i did num_num phones . 

			neg: these were so cheap , i could be the num_extend num_num times and it will last one at all .

			pos: these were better ! . . i just a lot of num_extend so i just got it up two years .

1417: pos:	my problem is i don t use it very often .  .  . i use smaller ones and i forget i have it . 

			neg: the item , it is . . it works to use . it is so i don t recommend this product . it .

			pos: the item , it is . . it works to use . it is so i don t recommend this product . it .

1418: neg:	thank heaven the operation is intuitive because there are no instructions . 

			neg: nothing like the size and other reviewers , there are all me .

			pos: sometimes this little stuff and that there was not very much .

1419: neg:	unless your freezer is in the kitchen or living room ,  you ll never hear it . 

			neg: needless to all , you can be well , look like a lot why it .

			pos: needless to all , you can be well , look like a lot . . . . . . .

1420: neg:	peach ,  really ?  sorry ,  it doesn t really taste like any peach i ve had . 

			neg: don t be better , it is not you can t be why they have to find it .

			pos: don t be better , it is not you can t be what they can buy this .

1421: pos:	the build is right ,  the buttons on the phone are right ,  its just a nice solid package . 

			neg: the sound , but the lid and the fit it is all , but the screen protector a handle .

			pos: the sound , but the lid and the fit it is all , but the screen protector a handle .

1422: neg:	i thought i was over charged once it was returned . 

			neg: i thought i was over it and mine it was .

			pos: i thought i was over it and mine it was .

1423: neg:	also ,  as other reviewers have stated ,  the straps can really rub a raw spot on your skin . 

			neg: also , as other reviewers have a problem that makes the back in a lot of them .

			pos: also , as far that the thing would be a lot , and you really can t beat it .

1424: neg:	i figured that this would be a good move ,  seeing how natural it is compared to other products . 

			neg: i am an issue because of food is the num_num minutes , i like that s pretty good .

			pos: i am an issue because of food is the very pleased with the fact that s made a better price .

1425: pos:	i think the sensor is reading carpet fibers its sucking up as dirt . 

			neg: i think of the num_extend coffee i m not even my phone great .

			pos: i think of the works perfect product look and it was very nice .

1426: neg:	i bought them and find them pretty annoying . 

			neg: i bought them and this ! look a bad .

			pos: i bought them and this ! look a bad .

1427: neg:	for example ,  comparing wii sports tennis to wii play table tennis is night and day . 

			neg: for course , at the other piece of them , it looks and a week .

			pos: for a kitchen that the usb jars of these , look in all years and every day .

1428: neg:	called cables to go and they recommended trying a replacement ,  which i will obtain through amazon . 

			neg: but some that made it for num_num weeks of others , but another one of problems .

			pos: decided to cook to go so many of one and i would be the same results .

1429: neg:	after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try . 

			neg: after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try .

			pos: after all the great reviews i thought i d give this a try .

1430: neg:	unfortunately this product did not do much for me . 

			neg: unfortunately this product did not do much for me .

			pos: unfortunately this product did not do much for me .

1431: pos:	no problems with this and worked with many devices . 

			neg: no problems with this and worked with many uses .

			pos: no problems with this and really tried we put again .

1432: neg:	you get what you pay for i guess . 

			neg: you get what you pay for i guess .

			pos: you get what you pay for i guess .

1433: neg:	nikon usually puts out a quality product ,  but this eyepiece magnifier is not one of them . 

			neg: usually it is to be a product , but this isn t num_num times a lot of these .

			pos: usually it is to be a product , but this isn t num_num times a lot of these .

1434: neg:	it might work for all purpose flour ,  which has less gluten . 

			neg: it might work and it is more as , which makes me .

			pos: it might work and it is more as , which makes me .

1435: pos:	either you will like it ,  or you won t . 

			neg: either you will like it , or you won t .

			pos: either you will like it , or you won t .

1436: neg:	really strong ghosting ,  any screen object had three or four echoes beside it . 

			neg: really made in all of two weeks of their own and three of it .

			pos: really made in all of two weeks of their own and three of it .

1437: neg:	i keep worrying that they will get stuck in some body cavity and cause a problem . 

			neg: i look i just used it to get it may be a few hours of this .

			pos: i look i just used it to get it may be a few hours of this .

1438: pos:	puts together very easily and does what it s said it would . 

			neg: sometimes the counter very quickly and it has there s ever said .

			pos: sometimes the dishwasher very sturdy and it s the best . i ve ever don t .

1439: neg:	it is also very discrete if you don t want your nails to look polished . 

			neg: it is also very like you don t expect a lot to do to store .

			pos: it is all just , they don t have to be hard to do either .

1440: pos:	i really like how this counter protector curves over the edge of the counter . 

			neg: i really like how it is a charge and didn t make a top .

			pos: i really like how it is a charge and didn t make a top .

1441: pos:	its dimensions are num_extend x num_extend x num_extend  smaller than a deck of cards  . 

			neg: there works very advertised and these are great one instead of a lot expensive .

			pos: there works very advertised and these are great one instead of a lot of kitchen .

1442: neg:	in my experience ,  they are a constant source of problems . 

			neg: in my opinion , we really don t feel to try .

			pos: in my opinion , we really don t feel to try .

1443: pos:	i m using these with num_extend to deliver power to num_extend cctv and ip cameras . 

			neg: i m using these with num_extend to be the num_extend or num_num times , but etc .

			pos: i m using these with num_extend to be the num_extend or num_num times , but etc .

1444: pos:	if you re looking at replacing your older blackberry devices ,  this is the one you need to get . 

			neg: if you re looking at num_num of them , but the price has had to get some of it .

			pos: if you re looking at least any num_num and this is the thing is to have to get .

1445: pos:	trash cans are pretty unexciting ,  but this one is awfully nice . 

			neg: it is too big , not as i was an excellent job .

			pos: it is too big , not as i was an excellent job .

1446: pos:	much better than block and tackle type hooks to store overhead . 

			neg: much better looking at quality , but they can be excellent . with .

			pos: much better looking at quality , but they can just long .

1447: neg:	i ll keep trying .  .  . if not ,  it s going on ebay ;  . 

			neg: i really like it away i don t go , but they will last all .

			pos: i really like it away i don t go , but they will last all .

1448: pos:	it is not difficult to clean or assemble . 

			neg: it is not difficult to clean and made .

			pos: it is not difficult to clean and made .

1449: pos:	this pan is a bit heavier and truly nonstick . 

			neg: this pan is nice through num_extend and a problems .

			pos: this pan is a bit decent , num_num times .

1450: neg:	why can t a hair dryer just be something that dries my hair ?  . 

			neg: with a real item is pretty much one so bad , it is very .

			pos: why can t feel me a num_num more . . i m going in good .

1451: neg:	disappointed as i expected to received candy that would last a long time . 

			neg: as i am looking for me , i was going on a num_num as .

			pos: as i am looking for me , i was going on a num_num as .

1452: pos:	i read the reviews about this garlic press and decided it was the one i wanted . 

			neg: i read the reviews that it didn t be good because it was the same reviews .

			pos: i read the reviews that it didn t good , but i was the same star item .

1453: neg:	the waist cords are over a foot long after being taken in . 

			neg: the handles that back a case at all after using the kitchen .

			pos: the handles that back a case at all after using the kitchen .

1454: pos:	however ,  some people may find the border of the case may interfere with using the touch screen . 

			neg: however , not more like the best of the machine is it doesn t be able to my skin .

			pos: however , not going to the product is the game is to have a month of each place .

1455: neg:	so ,  this car looks cool and all but its not that great . 

			neg: so like it was all , very well as not still going expensive .

			pos: and i use it is all a hair and it works not just better .

1456: neg:	it is hard to beleive that a big name company like philips would totally ignore their customer . 

			neg: it is hard to think some other than the reviews of these than it s just cost .

			pos: it is hard to think some other than the machine that would not try a refund .

1457: neg:	then ,  put some armor all original on there and you re good to go for way longer than two weeks . 

			neg: at all of the phone , at all it would be wrong with a lot of these to buy a refund .

			pos: at all of the phone , at all it would be wrong with a lot of these to buy a refund .

1458: neg:	i played it for aboout num_num min and feel like i wanna take it back already . 

			neg: i let it was going to use and just , but it doesn t look at it .

			pos: i let it was going to use and a plus i can keep it at all it .

1459: neg:	i have no idea if it s me or this product doing . 

			neg: i have no idea if it s not better , after this s .

			pos: i have lots of these . if there works to see these .

1460: neg:	otherwise ,  they fall off your head at the slightest lean or tilt . 

			neg: and it is worth your ear or the charge at a lot better .

			pos: and it is worth your ear or the charge at a lot better .

1461: neg:	maybe i should get that for cheaper . i accidently bought large ,  ooh boy is it; like ,  windshield sun reflector size . 

			neg: maybe i can t tell you am looking for that , but ? not for a great product , but i m not fine .

			pos: maybe i can t tell you am looking for that , but ? i m not a great deal in one , but .

1462: pos:	i can hear the caller clearly ,  vice versa . 

			neg: i can t beat the num_extend of , and will .

			pos: i can t beat the num_extend of , and will .

1463: neg:	the puzzles are somewhat more simple ,  but also more difficult at certain points . 

			neg: the controls are supposed to are a good one ? not or num_num of .

			pos: the controls are made a better size and should be going easy to me .

1464: neg:	after removing the cap i found moisture had made its way into the components inside ,  under the cap . 

			neg: after a month it would work with it is not to keep the pan in a bit of them .

			pos: after a month it would work with it is not to keep the pan in a bit of them .

1465: neg:	just hurry up and play the darn song and move on for goodness sake . 

			neg: just live up for me the job of use them in my knives .

			pos: just feel even still in the taste , but he had to my kitchen .

1466: pos:	so what do you have to lose ?  after all ,  i am happily keeping mine . 

			neg: so though you have your own in it ? , so i was all after num_num .

			pos: so what you do if you run out , but it works , so i did .

1467: neg:	and that s all i can think of right now . anyway ,  on to master of orion num_extend

			neg: better , now , i can t work the time , but we have a lot of num_num minutes .

			pos: better , now , i can t work the time , but we can t have a few hours .

1468: neg:	i got mine from smart bargains who told me i had no recourse other than to contact cuisinart . 

			neg: i got one at all looking for me that it would be num_num for more of times .

			pos: i got one at all looking for me that have two star better than a new device .

1469: neg:	but i will say this ,  i will not buy this particular product again . 

			neg: but i will say this , i will not buy this product again .

			pos: but i will say this , i will not buy this product again .

1470: neg:	try it once and you won t think it s stupid . 

			neg: it so it is if then , i don t recommend .

			pos: it so it is if then , i don t recommend .

1471: pos:	only issue is the blue light it becomes a annoying after a while . 

			neg: only complaint isn t a screen on the phone , to charge perfectly .

			pos: only complaint isn t a screen on the phone , to charge perfectly .

1472: pos:	as long as it doesn t break ,  it s performance and comfortable design make this an excellent choice . 

			neg: as long as it doesn t taste it and it is good , but you really a difference .

			pos: as long as it comes down , it is still , but like a really can t believe .

1473: pos:	i loved it so much that i wanted to buy another one for a different room . 

			neg: i loved it again and used that i can buy another star for a bit better .

			pos: i loved it so much that i decided to buy this for an extra coffee .

1474: pos:	we have tried a few recipes and had fun with them . 

			neg: we have tried a few sizes , which they went out .

			pos: we have tried a few bucks is using or try them .

1475: neg:	it was supposed to be a complete toy . 

			neg: it was supposed to be a size for .

			pos: it was supposed to be a size for .

1476: neg:	well ,  i was excited to play this ,  but unfortunately ,  i wasn t able to finish the game . 

			neg: well , i was surprised if you re a week , i was looking for the side of the problem .

			pos: well , i was surprised if you re a week because i m not a thing in the problem .

1477: pos:	take the whole thing out in the sink . 

			neg: to fit the game made on a bit .

			pos: to fit the game or it in nice .

1478: neg:	nevertheless ,  the smell lasts for num_num or num_num minutes tops . 

			neg: there , a thing at all about num_num minutes and look .

			pos: there , a thing at all about num_num minutes and look .

1479: pos:	this salad spinner is durable and easy to use . 

			neg: this piece works , and sturdy enough to use .

			pos: this makes that works nice and easy to use .

1480: neg:	good that they are from usa and not china !  . 

			neg: is so if cheap look fine , but not better .

			pos: is so if cheap look fine , but not better .

1481: neg:	i have to agree with another reviewer that this cloth is almost identical to those you find in walmart . 

			neg: i have to pay another pair that have a new phone , but they ll get this size .

			pos: i have to worry about it for the price that should be a few times if they can t beat .

1482: neg:	so far i am not at all happy . 

			neg: so far i am not at all years .

			pos: so far i am not at all years .

1483: pos:	if it still lasts for num_num hours in num_num years time then it would be a good buy . 

			neg: it came about a month and then the num_num years but it s a more than the price .

			pos: it came about a month and two and it s just for the price about a refund .

1484: neg:	i also had tingling in my mouth and soreness in my throat ,  which was distressing . 

			neg: i just thought it in a few hours in case , but it is as expensive .

			pos: i also had a month in all and like the case for a few years .

1485: neg:	i purchased them and when they arrived they were torn . 

			neg: i purchased them and use it when these were going .

			pos: i purchased them and use it when these were going .

1486: pos:	i wouldn t trade them but this is a great knife for the price . 

			neg: i didn t work of these for also a good size for this and .

			pos: i couldn t really find them as a great size because of use case .

1487: pos:	the sound quality is very good ,  the controls are intuitive ,  and it is comfortable . 

			neg: the sound quality is very good , the sound are looking and , but it is very .

			pos: the sound quality is very good , the sound are looking and , but it is very .

1488: pos:	it s very easy to use and very dependable . 

			neg: it s very easy to use and very uncomfortable .

			pos: it s very easy to use and very uncomfortable .

1489: pos:	no flexing i ve ever seen from the handles no matter how hard i squeeze . 

			neg: no others with i have two , it seems a lot out of time , .

			pos: no others with i have two , it really a lot worth , and it will .

1490: pos:	so for a very reasonable cost ,  this model suits me just fine !  !  . 

			neg: so for a very low brand . . . this is just , but expected better .

			pos: so for a very good buy the reviews . . . . but a different num_extend ! .

1491: neg:	quite tasteless and they make you order so many . 

			neg: easy it worked better you get used several people though .

			pos: easy it worked too if you re working before i look . purchase . . with .

1492: pos:	it moves plenty of air ,  oscillating between two rooms . 

			neg: it needs a lot and makes this very forward to me .

			pos: it needs a lot and makes this very forward to me .

1493: pos:	i had another silicone case on it and sadly the screen  which was left entirely exposed  got super wet . 

			neg: i had one to wear my device for me and the phone is just for it was pretty fine .

			pos: i had one to wear my device for me and the phone is just i just for the num_extend

1494: pos:	i want to get one for each of my kids so they can have fresh natural popcorn too !  . 

			neg: i want to get one for a month later it is to try it , and really much too .

			pos: i want to get one for a month later it is to try it , and really much too .

1495: neg:	it has carbonated water ,  fruit juice ,  some natural flavors and colors ,  and vitamin c . 

			neg: it has lots , water is supposed to your money is very fine , num_num stars , .

			pos: it has lots , water is supposed to your money is very fine , num_num stars , .

1496: pos:	use espresso grinds and turns out great didn t find that the grinds get through !  would recommend . 

			neg: use and it is great at it is just , i didn t need to send it away .

			pos: use and it is great at it is just , i didn t need to send it away .

1497: neg:	camera fell of it after a few uses . 

			neg: is one come on my own a so .

			pos: is one come on my own a so .

1498: neg:	i will never again purchase another game where this is a requirement . 

			neg: i will last me i ve been the product for a different .

			pos: i will last me i ve been the product for a different .

1499: pos:	i haven t used extensively yet and therefor it has not been through the dishwasher very many times . 

			neg: i needed something that my hair so it didn t like the lot of it s num_num times all .

			pos: i haven t used them and this is so the way it doesn t hold the num_extend before there .

1500: pos:	i ve owned this crock pot for several years . 

			neg: i ve owned this pan took as for many times .

			pos: i ve owned this pan took as for many times .

1501: neg:	really ,  it all does look nice graphically wise . 

			neg: really don t use the screen very a problem are .

			pos: really don t use the screen very a problem are .

1502: neg:	it only worked a couple of times ,  i bought it to calibrate my oven . 

			neg: it only worked a couple of times , i bought it to replace my phone .

			pos: it only worked a couple of times , i bought it to replace my phone .

1503: pos:	benriners come in num_num sizes  this is the smallest  and replacement blades are readily available . 

			neg: it just much easier on all one that the screen protector that are num_num .

			pos: it just much easier on all one that the screen protector that are num_num .

1504: pos:	i have listened to this on both ends as the sender and receiver and it s nothing shy of fantastic . 

			neg: i have to replace the phone on it was very in my num_extend and i won t work on all .

			pos: i have to replace the phone on it was great . . . and it s a num_num of them for me .

1505: neg:	its very similar to that type of style . 

			neg: its very useful to anyone looking of reviews .

			pos: its very useful to anyone looking of reviews .

1506: pos:	i will say that these are a lot stronger than the old ones i had . 

			neg: i will say that they are a bit of those than these on these .

			pos: i will say that they are a bit of those than these on these .

1507: pos:	i have enjoyed my previous prodyne cheese slicer ,  this adds the cracker well . 

			neg: i have owned a problem is and it in a review , it looks .

			pos: i have owned the good thing very pleased in the product , it is working .

1508: pos:	if you want loud get the cdn num_extend count down big digit timer . 

			neg: if you want to the picture and will not work in your own .

			pos: if you want to the picture and will not work in your own .

1509: neg:	might have been nice ,  but just went over my cheeks . 

			neg: unless you can press was nice at over one and fit this .

			pos: don t like this little just as num_num to over my battery .

1510: neg:	usually ,  i reapply my clarins or donna karen cashemere after half of a day . 

			neg: num_extend if i also , with a few hours they didn t hold my second battery .

			pos: num_extend if i also , with a few hours they didn t hold one on first .

1511: neg:	the dawn worked well as i saw a lot of dead fleas in the water going down the drain . 

			neg: the two months and s , but it didn t hold a lot of your face through both .

			pos: the two months and s , but it didn t hold a lot of the water with the screen .

1512: pos:	then i used the attachemnts on my furniture and the water was gray . 

			neg: then i went on your product and it just a phone and it .

			pos: so it took a reason on my water and it also great .

1513: pos:	i think this case is a very nice phone case . 

			neg: i think this case is a very nice case was .

			pos: i think this case is a very nice case and .

1514: neg:	the shape of the grains makes all the difference . 

			neg: the weight of the sound makes a lot . should get .

			pos: the weight of the sound makes a lot . should get .

1515: neg:	i especially liked the instructions to spray the liquid on your fingers to keep the screen protector from sticking . 

			neg: i was an issue and it makes it into to it , not not to hold a num_extend

			pos: i also wanted this to clean it a lot of it to keep the screen protector to clean .

1516: pos:	also ,  do not use on glass top rangesoverall thoughtsfor the price ,  the presto canner is worth a look . 

			neg: also , they look like the screen and it isn t a fine , but it s not a lot easier .

			pos: also , they look like the screen and it isn t a fine product . . . . i ll be a lot .

1517: pos:	i ve had this clothes rack for almost two years now and it hasn t failed me once . 

			neg: i ve had this num_num times in and last num_num years and it did not use both .

			pos: i ve had this num_num times in and last num_num years and it did not use both .

1518: neg:	first ,  without the extension they are very short . 

			neg: as the noise in it s too strong quality .

			pos: as the noise in it s too heavy the cheap .

1519: neg:	i then emptied th coffee grinder and looked for an obstruction ,  none . 

			neg: i worked with a good item and at least an issue and have easier .

			pos: i worked with a good item and at least an issue and have easier .

1520: neg:	i bought chicken and brown rice last year and it was alright ,  not super impressive . 

			neg: i bought ice cream and not so everything as i was just a lot better .

			pos: i bought ice cream and not so everything as i was just a lot better .

1521: neg:	they have a medium pile lining that has more of a stiffer polyester feel . 

			neg: they have a bit small that this is not used in a small size .

			pos: they have a bit small that this is not used in a small size .

1522: pos:	anker is a fine product though i d never heard of it . 

			neg: otherwise , is a while i wish it s just if you will .

			pos: otherwise , is a while i wish it s just if you will .

1523: pos:	this as well as their rice cooker which i ve had for a decade have become indispensible for me . 

			neg: when my samsung galaxy s good looking for about this product ! i didn t want to send it .

			pos: when my samsung galaxy s good looking for about this product ! i didn t want to send it .

1524: neg:	my dog broke this in the first num_num min of me giving him the toy . 

			neg: although it was the same case from the $ num_num of their review from amazon .

			pos: although it was the same case from the $ num_num of their review from my problem .

1525: pos:	the unit itself rests like a necklace around your neck . 

			neg: the unit should work on , a bit made in .

			pos: the unit should work on , a bit made in .

1526: neg:	every couple days . the quality and filling hassles didn t stop my trying to use it ,  though . 

			neg: while so my hair is the back , but as they can t beat it and it again .

			pos: while so my screen , but not a long time on it is on at all it .

1527: pos:	the item was what i was looking for and arrived exactly as described . 

			neg: the price was i received , i am looking as well as mine did .

			pos: the price was i received , i am looking as well as mine did .

1528: neg:	nightwolf s friendship is cool too where he juggles his hammers . 

			neg: there which is all with a few times with no time .

			pos: there which is all with a few times with no time .

1529: pos:	buy it . i want to leave this as a num_num star review as operationally it is working perfectly . 

			neg: i do like it for to this is a replacement as i m happy on the screen protectors .

			pos: i do like with this for an excellent case because they also , i didn t work perfectly .

1530: neg:	it s too bad because they look like they would keep my ears warm . 

			neg: it s too bad that i can keep them for it doesn t look perfect .

			pos: it s too bad that i can keep them for it doesn t look perfect .

1531: pos:	the braun has it all . this is my second programmable flavorselect . 

			neg: the opinion , the battery it is like my first two .

			pos: the product looks like it did a good product on all .

1532: neg:	if it doesn t ,  the player sorts the files in an album in alphabetical order . 

			neg: if you have a day , two of a lot of it a couple of this .

			pos: if you have a day , two of a lot of it in a month .

1533: pos:	i had the num_num express music and when this new version came out i decided to upgrade . 

			neg: i have just used a few weeks ago , i had num_num stars that had a refund .

			pos: i have just used a few weeks ago , i had num_num stars that had a refund .

1534: pos:	i would definitely recommend this for a cute case . 

			neg: i would definitely recommend this for a cute case .

			pos: i would definitely recommend this for a cute case .

1535: pos:	but the back side looks nice as well . 

			neg: but the look just the screen and as advertised .

			pos: but the look just the screen fine as well .

1536: neg:	these salmons are in water not vegetable oil . 

			neg: i really use the taste a lot better . no .

			pos: i really use the taste a lot better . no .

1537: pos:	i bought three of these units to place in our home . 

			neg: i bought two stars , they make a second while working .

			pos: i bought two stars , they make a second while working .

1538: pos:	and that would be what you would need . 

			neg: and that would be what you would need .

			pos: and that would be what you would need .

1539: pos:	the measuring cup and pin are perfect and i always get the most perfect eggs now . 

			neg: could be a good phone and they are a perfect day it wasn t a few num_extend

			pos: the usb cable , works great , so the battery of the phone best num_num months .

1540: neg:	these break often but the kids love them ,  if only they would keep working . 

			neg: they work did nothing like these , but i found the same problem out ! .

			pos: they work did nothing like these , but i found the same problem out ! .

1541: pos:	it works fine and the coffee is just as great !  . 

			neg: it works fine and the coffee is just as very good .

			pos: it works fine and the coffee is just as very good .

1542: pos:	i bought this little gadget after my iphone ran out of juice on a trip . 

			neg: i bought had a bit time i use the back to replace a bit of it .

			pos: i bought had a bit time i use the back to replace a bit of it .

1543: neg:	its not worth purchasing if you re looking for a quick ,  almost expensive ,  fix . 

			neg: its not for me if you re looking for a waste or money as the num_extend

			pos: its not for me if you re looking for a waste or money as the phone .

1544: pos:	it basically picks up what is directly in front of it . 

			neg: it s a bit stars and don t hold the product .

			pos: it s a bit stars and don t hold the product .

1545: pos:	pretty much all i ask for in a grinder . 

			neg: or some num_extend i use in an money as .

			pos: or some num_extend i use in an money as .

1546: pos:	the rack is very well made and the hooks can be moved to fit different sizes . 

			neg: the base is very well made and doesn t be a lot of going back easier .

			pos: the base is very well made and the measuring cup to make me a more space .

1547: pos:	it s a very good quality at a reasonalbe price . 

			neg: it s a very good quality or getting a good .

			pos: it s a very good quality or getting a good .

1548: pos:	i need a phone that gets reception on the train and works in my high rise offie building . 

			neg: i need a good use the headset and it seems like a few months . . but it seems fine .

			pos: i can love easy to love the bottle and it s nice for a great deal it works .

1549: pos:	just do your homework and you will end up pretty satisfied . 

			neg: not made in me and you will not a pretty better .

			pos: not made in me and you will not a bit better .

1550: neg:	when you place the eye brow attachment on you can get a mixed cut . 

			neg: when it in the screen that you didn t like any of a little .

			pos: when it in the sound that doesn t get for the way to a bit .

1551: neg:	i won t be buying any more in the future . 

			neg: i won t be buying any more in the market .

			pos: i won t be buying any more in the market .

1552: neg:	i hated the color that was sent to me ,  pale chalky beige . 

			neg: i placed the price is this is so any of a few times .

			pos: i opened the other one , so there isn t hold for me .

1553: neg:	that s not what it felt like with the original gel adhesive . 

			neg: that s not what it and it had a problem and it .

			pos: that s not what it and it had a problem and it .

1554: pos:	this knife sharpener more than met our expectations . 

			neg: this product instead of num_num of them in people .

			pos: this product instead of num_num of them in people .

1555: neg:	it would work very well ,  if the human body did not have shoulders ,  that is . 

			neg: it would work very long , it also doesn t be , i don t recommend this great price .

			pos: it s not great and though , the game is still like it s looking good .

1556: pos:	this heavy weight  tall  pot along with cooking contents is estimated to weigh over num_num lbs . 

			neg: this is easy to use in the num_num so that makes it over a few hours .

			pos: this is easy to use in the num_num so that makes it over a few hours .

1557: neg:	i tried multiple outlets and tried resetting it using the red button ,  but it still did not heat up . 

			neg: i tried them a few weeks with it is on the screen protector but it does not look very happy .

			pos: i tried them a few weeks with it is on the screen protector but it does not look very happy .

1558: neg:	the bags aren t resealable and the directions are for num_num to num_num gallon urns .  .  . obviously a restaurant supply item . 

			neg: will don t work in and it is going to be good for me for the num_num a good product .

			pos: the needs small . . . the num_num months and you are going to replace a great price on the other colors .

1559: pos:	i cook for two people and this food processor is just the right size for that . 

			neg: i work on num_num stars ! it is just a better size of it just as expected .

			pos: i work on num_num stars ! it is great from the one is worth the years .

1560: neg:	the radtach procable num_num inch dock extender works only part way . 

			neg: the clip works from the num_num year s also would get .

			pos: the clip works from the num_num year s also would get .

1561: neg:	she didn t like the flavor at all ,  and i found them to be way too sweet . 

			neg: she didn t like the taste and the num_num and i am to do not be too bad .

			pos: she didn t have a lot , and needed and they don t be going to me out .

1562: pos:	if you want to comfortably fry two eggs ,  best to order the num_num inch pan . 

			neg: if you want to figure out all times and had to the same num_extend a good .

			pos: if you want to figure out all times and had to the same num_extend a good .

1563: pos:	really cool design ,  and the hard plastic piece doesn t add any thickness over what the soft rubber case provides . 

			neg: very short the material , and makes a nice amount of it to turn it is just in the phone .

			pos: very light thing , is nice , a bit , to have a bit to have a great one , .

1564: pos:	why ,  because they never sounded very good ,  so i stuck with a wired headset . until ,  the new jawbone . 

			neg: , so i didn t say , num_num num_extend and i won t use it , and didn t need for me .

			pos: , so i didn t say , num_num num_extend and i won t use it , and didn t need for me .

1565: neg:	because it is definitely not worth full price . 

			neg: because it is definitely not worth a few .

			pos: because it is definitely not worth a few .

1566: pos:	i really like this case !  !  it does not pick up lint like some of the other rubberized cases . 

			neg: i just like that it also use it is not a lot of anything . . but not a problem ! .

			pos: i just like that it also , so it does not look nice you don t be looking for these .

1567: neg:	i would not recommend this item for dogs who chew . 

			neg: i would not recommend this product but so had less .

			pos: i would not recommend this product but so had less .

1568: pos:	after all these years ,  these are still the best plates you can buy for next to nothing . 

			neg: after all i still , i were all one of them , they have to the num_num stars .

			pos: each i m happy it s good me a try , but they will have a lot of these .

1569: pos:	he was always complaining that he was sick because the house was too dry in the winter . 

			neg: now it works great on now and i thought it s a few minutes to charge it .

			pos: now it works great on now and i thought it s a few minutes to charge it .

1570: neg:	it has been over an hour and my hair still feels damp in some areas . 

			neg: this game worked on the phone for my num_extend num_num minutes the screen protectors to get all .

			pos: this game worked on the phone for my num_extend num_num minutes it looks just to get .

1571: neg:	it s a shame i can t explore them .  .  . the party mode is horrible too . 

			neg: it s a reason , never could be what it is worth the very good noise .

			pos: it s a reason , never can t recommend it , but no sound better .

1572: neg:	first ,  when the level is picked ,  it will take like a minute or even more to load . 

			neg: first , like the phone is out , it doesn t want to be going to hold at me .

			pos: first , like the phone is out , it doesn t want to be going to hold at me .

1573: neg:	this is the worst game i have come across in a long time . 

			neg: this is the worst game i have out of it and a while .

			pos: this is the worst game i have out of it and a while .

1574: pos:	the only drawback is that i put it in the dishwasher ,  several times . 

			neg: the only complaint is that i put it in the dishwasher , it arrived .

			pos: the only complaint is that i put it in the dishwasher , it arrived .

1575: pos:	most pizza wheels that i ve seen are much smaller . 

			neg: unfortunately is to now i know you were are less .

			pos: one is made when i were i are more expensive .

1576: pos:	it s solid stainless ,  so i don t see how you could go wrong there . 

			neg: it s a cheap , but it s , you don t have to send it again .

			pos: it s a cheap , but it s , you don t have to try it .

1577: pos:	my data throughput was about num_extend typically ,  with num_extend on a really good day . 

			neg: over the price , so far a month of them , and will just all .

			pos: the few times because its big for num_num times , they should be a few times .

1578: neg:	unfortunately i m not sure what all the five star reviews are for . 

			neg: however it is why it will and the best instead of other brand .

			pos: however there was with some one , its a new reviews that .

1579: neg:	it is too bad because the ingredients looked to be quality . 

			neg: it is more at the product is going to be quality .

			pos: it is more at the product is going to be quality .

1580: neg:	i like everything about this deep fryer ,  except for the fact that it gets too hot . 

			neg: i use it for us , but they don t feel for using it a few sizes .

			pos: i use it for us , but they don t feel for using it a few sizes .

1581: neg:	buy this knife sharpener if you want sharpening your knives to be highly skilled labor . 

			neg: i can find for this thing or to see that are supposed to say one .

			pos: i can find for this thing or to see that are supposed to say one .

1582: neg:	i wore this product today for a few hours today . 

			neg: i did like this product so a long as num_num .

			pos: i did like this product so a long as num_num .

1583: pos:	perfect fit for replacement in my num_num year old blender that still works . 

			neg: just almost it for a day and i gave num_num stars . she was better .

			pos: just almost it for a week and never had num_num year now ! .

1584: neg:	the feel of the wheel is nice and i like the side scrolling feature . 

			neg: don t hold the unit is easy and if you also have a piece .

			pos: don t hold the unit is easy and if you also have a piece .

1585: neg:	a definite num_extend for how they handled this . 

			neg: a new case or before i made the reason .

			pos: a num_num times small though i take this .

1586: pos:	the children enjoy having their own bags of popcorn as they watch a movie chosen for that night . 

			neg: the kids make sure that their num_extend and had to the kitchen , i was going forward to wear .

			pos: the kids make sure that each other sizes of it and came with a new product ! .

1587: neg:	am very disappointed that i still can t wear my shoes !  . 

			neg: works better , i am not getting my hair on other .

			pos: works better , i am not getting a week , they work .

1588: pos:	and i have tried a lot of them . 

			neg: and i have tried a lot of them .

			pos: and i have tried a lot of them .

1589: pos:	i give it five stars for making eating good so easy !  . 

			neg: i never had many one to use and maybe very comfortable and .

			pos: i never had many one to use and found a few long .

1590: neg:	it didn t fit in my bathtub ,  which is a standard size . 

			neg: it didn t fit in my skin , but just is a waste .

			pos: it didn t fit in my skin , but just is a waste .

1591: pos:	instead of standing in front of the open drawer yelling ,   where s the lemon juicer !   . 

			neg: instead of addition to the screen in the taste , and it s on a good luck .

			pos: better looking nice looking on a lot , a lot ! it s a product ! .

1592: pos:	there are only two of us so this size is perfect for saving dinner size portions . 

			neg: there are only two of these from the price and this is just a new bottle .

			pos: there are only two of these from the price and this is just a new bottle .

1593: pos:	we boiled our old stove top tea kettle dry a couple times and got worried about fire danger . 

			neg: even several times full of num_extend months , and the two years , and it came out for .

			pos: even several times full of num_extend months , and the two years , and it came out for .

1594: neg:	also ,  the backstage areas that you have to wrestle in are smaller than the wrestling ring itself . 

			neg: also in the other , you want it comes to be smaller than the screen protector you .

			pos: also in the other , you want it comes to be smaller than the screen protector you .

1595: neg:	but at the same time ,  you get what you pay for because it s also pretty cheap . 

			neg: but at it in the time worth it , with it , i don t be $ ! .

			pos: so in one after your review in you know what it s worth the money is better .

1596: neg:	and it doesn t ding to tell you when that happens ,  so you better keep an eye on it . 

			neg: and it didn t like anything , i like i m going to use me to be on it .

			pos: and it didn t want it , for you use that i m not too bad on it on .

1597: neg:	we plugged in an extra headset laying around the house . 

			neg: we can replace a bit going on , pretty sure it .

			pos: we can replace a bit going on , pretty sure it .

1598: neg:	this case looks nice but that s about it . 

			neg: this case looks great , but that they sent it .

			pos: this case looks great , but that they sent it .

1599: pos:	i can t believe how strong this little guy is . 

			neg: i can t believe how easy it can be reviews .

			pos: i can t believe how easy it can be reviews .

1600: neg:	it takes several passes through some types of hair to cut it . 

			neg: it with the num_extend of them to make up and get it .

			pos: it with the num_extend of them to make up and get it .

1601: pos:	there are num_num sheets in a set ,  so you can put them around the kitchen within easy reach . 

			neg: there are num_num cup on , and the problem to use , it to hold a num_num hours off .

			pos: there are num_num cup on , and the problem to use , it to hold up within a well .

1602: pos:	the daily challenge around here is keeping the cat fur to a minimum . 

			neg: the store the num_num minutes . . i m a try an cell phone .

			pos: the phone out by the num_extend bluetooth has to me of a refund .

1603: neg:	people should do more research before they put stuff in their bodies ! hey crusoe . 

			neg: people should do more use these for what some of the price and it s pretty .

			pos: people should do more use these for what some of the price and it s pretty .

1604: neg:	then i ll buy out all the good game companies and turn them into mainstream crap . 

			neg: then i ll do it from a num_extend of the num_extend and it s a little .

			pos: then i ll do it from a num_extend of the num_extend and it s a little .

1605: pos:	despite the port breaking it gets num_extend stars . 

			neg: didn t use of the iphone num_extend it was .

			pos: didn t use of the iphone num_extend it was .

1606: pos:	synching is simple ,  with no passwords or codes required . 

			neg: usually don be fine , they look different , two .

			pos: tastes good , easy with there are great with a refund .

1607: pos:	if you love french pressed coffee ,  this is definitely the way to go !  . 

			neg: if i cannot use this is good , this is not worth it in them .

			pos: if i cannot use this is good , this is not worth it in their own .

1608: neg:	i contacted q cell and they replaced the back cover . 

			neg: i felt like num_num , so it didn out an time .

			pos: i felt like better and took me on a bit .

1609: neg:	i hope it will be a better choice . 

			neg: i hope it will be a better rating .

			pos: i hope it will be a better rating .

1610: neg:	it s heavy and a pain to move around  which you have to do to get the  cartridge  out . 

			neg: it s heavy and a lot of and take to get it and you need to make the way too .

			pos: it s heavy and a lot of and look on to get for you re not to get out .

1611: pos:	wow im impressed with this device !  how useful it is . 

			neg: perhaps it works on this , they re very disappointed in it ! .

			pos: perhaps it works when you have several or good buy this is .

1612: neg:	i love that it uses natural ingredients but it was ineffective on my skin . 

			neg: i am i believe it s good look for this battery as it makes .

			pos: i am i love the kitchen pans . . . just glad i have a car .

1613: pos:	so ,  i had to get a little of everything to see what was what . 

			neg: so when i can t like some of a lot , they use this phone .

			pos: so when i can t like some of a lot , they use this phone .

1614: neg:	however ,  my speakers have finally started to distort again and i can t handle buying another $ part . 

			neg: however , as it did not used for the num_num and buy the other one of those of others .

			pos: however , although it didn t use me for me and had a bad review of others of these .

1615: neg:	after a num_extend try i received the same product . 

			neg: after a num_num son s order the next day .

			pos: after a num_num son s order the next day .

1616: pos:	folks ,  don t do that; the plunger exerts pressure that has to be released somewhere . 

			neg: yes , made of it should work on a few things , it is supposed to .

			pos: , that there does make it , and make this is better on a more .

1617: pos:	i used a metal pie pan and a metal cake pan to put water out for them . 

			neg: i used a little months , is easy to a pan and hold to keep them .

			pos: i used a little bread pan is easy to a pan and to hold up with them .

1618: pos:	a gas cooktop would be worse and a smooth cooktop probably much better . 

			neg: a huge reason , two is a pretty , as they are more .

			pos: a huge reason , two is a pretty , but i m going strong .

1619: pos:	i can just leave it cool down in the jug then store it and pour from it as well . 

			neg: i can just leave it in the screen without it , or but it and it just as well .

			pos: i can just leave it in the screen on easily . . . . and they didn t be as well .

1620: neg:	i don t use it and it s in a junk drawer somewhere waiting the next purge to goodwill . 

			neg: i don t use it and it s in all day , and could not have to install .

			pos: i don t use it and it s in all day , and could make it in a refund .

1621: pos:	i love the floral design and the colors . 

			neg: i love the design and the good stuff .

			pos: i love the design and the good stuff .

1622: neg:	they seem like they are stale ,  like old candy gets ,  but the sell by date is still good . 

			neg: they seem to say that doesn t work , and it would not like a few days and is not ! .

			pos: they seem to say that doesn t work , and it would not like a few months and s great .

1623: neg:	it never reaches  reasonable  looking sharp photos and ultimately fails in every catagory ,  from color to chromatic abberation . 

			neg: it took the num_extend size , even , and didn t waste of its fine to a few times .

			pos: it took the num_extend size , even , and didn t want to the num_extend and a bunch of them .

1624: pos:	very impressed than within a minute incorporated all ingredients to perfection . 

			neg: very useful for the num_extend in and it is pretty for .

			pos: very useful for the num_extend in and it is pretty for .

1625: neg:	most products are for dandruff caused by dry scalp . 

			neg: isn t and other than they by a num_extend them .

			pos: is most much better for the large store and have too .

1626: pos:	we often cook sausages ,  hot dogs and hamburgers in it as well . 

			neg: we use there and don t work fine , at this case well .

			pos: they am much , the num_extend and to use in my iphone num_extend .

1627: neg:	while the first couple of bites were okay ,  the rest of the meal was a let down . 

			neg: while the case , num_num of people and this type of the phone in the num_extend of it .

			pos: while the case , num_num of people and this type of the phone a lot of mine .

1628: pos:	snug fit ,  with all the buttons and holes perfectly aligned . 

			neg: keeps it off , it looks in all and fit once .

			pos: keeps it off , it looks a lot and and the screen .

1629: pos:	yes ,  it is plastic ,  but not cheap plastic . 

			neg: yes , it is sturdy , but not good or quality .

			pos: yes , it is sturdy , but not good or quality .

1630: neg:	over and over  and over and over  again . 

			neg: just as at a fine but over at me .

			pos: especially for a num_num as for a num_num after me .

1631: neg:	this product was not in functioning condition when delivered . 

			neg: this product was not the long as it , .

			pos: this product was not the long as it , .

1632: neg:	the steering column does not fit snug . my son is num_num and has been enjoying it for the most part . 

			neg: the motor looks like the right just didn t work , and i did not like this in a problem .

			pos: the handles was into the screen . it wasn t just and i m glad to have the second size of it .

1633: pos:	i m sorry that happened because buying it from amazon would have been a better experience . 

			neg: i m reading better . i think i didn t recommend this one of the brand new .

			pos: i m surprised for $ i d buy one for the best game had more .

1634: pos:	i use this with afresh to clean my cook top . 

			neg: i use it for the kitchen look fine my phone .

			pos: i use it for the kitchen look fine my phone .

1635: neg:	this is a worthless item that makes no sense at all . 

			neg: this is a wonderful product that really a bit made well .

			pos: this is a wonderful product that really a bit made well .

1636: neg:	worked best on older new england house with narrow staircase . 

			neg: num_num stars should last for other things it at a reason .

			pos: num_num stars should last years or we have more months .

1637: neg:	this bra didn t fit ,  was too tight and was a horrible mess . 

			neg: this one fit , didn t work fine and did is nice .

			pos: this one fit , didn t work and does work fine , just .

1638: pos:	the can is a good size to hold trash .  .  . not too big or too small . 

			neg: the can opener is nice off , just you won t be too long or pretty cheap .

			pos: the can opener is nice off , just you won t be too long or pretty cheap .

1639: pos:	you do need a scrubby to clean it with as there s no teflon but it s totally worth it . 

			neg: you need to say a lot on and it s down and it s not and they have it .

			pos: you need to say a lot on and it s down and it s just that it s on me .

1640: pos:	doesn t get stuck on the rod like some non rollers do . 

			neg: you can didn t charge it in the big idea they really .

			pos: you can cover it on an hour of the food to do .

1641: neg:	might work for others ,  didn t work for me . 

			neg: might work for others , didn t work for me .

			pos: might work for others , didn t work for me .

1642: neg:	not to mention it did not fit my screen completely . 

			neg: not to say it didn t not right all the screen .

			pos: not to tell me the only not a bit perfectly either .

1643: neg:	i thought that all of the possibilities would be awesome . 

			neg: i thought that looks in the most people to phone .

			pos: i thought that looks in the most people to phone .

1644: pos:	i have tried pretty much every bluetooth device on the market ,  literally a dozen ,  or more . 

			neg: i have used no work well on amazon on the fact , it is a lot more expensive .

			pos: i have used no work well on amazon on the fact , it is a lot more expensive .

1645: pos:	i made flour tortillas that night for our mexican burrito dinner . 

			neg: i do high hopes for everything a month with a num_extend .

			pos: i do high hopes for everything a month with a num_extend .

1646: neg:	it was all potatoes and had very little clam flavor . 

			neg: it was no coffee and they are a little more .

			pos: it was no coffee and they are a little more .

1647: pos:	the more you use it ,  the more seasoned it becomes and the better it performs . 

			neg: some of what it is on out , it is no reason after a month .

			pos: some of what it is with the lid and they don t work on me .

1648: pos:	i m really happy with this screen protector because it was easy to peel back up and reapply . 

			neg: i m really happy with this is perfect . . but it was quite easy to be fine ! .

			pos: i m really happy with this is perfect . . but it was quite easy to num_num minutes .

1649: neg:	taking it out of the box i found the design to be awkward . 

			neg: they get great on it , the company that didn t taste to be .

			pos: with the back you re the set because of those or the sound .

1650: neg:	i purchased this jawbone hd as a replacement for an older jawbone thinker . 

			neg: i purchased it was in one and for the one more for an .

			pos: i purchased it was in one and for the one more for an .

1651: pos:	bottled lemon or lime juice will really add an obvious plastic taste to something as clean tasting as sorbet . 

			neg: needless to be very , not make me to be a large piece of them great , but it is .

			pos: needless to be very , not make us to be a little space .

1652: pos:	the grill surface is easier to clean than our other grills . 

			neg: the plug is sharp and seems to feel for me better .

			pos: the plug is sharp and seems to large because they are right .

1653: neg:	you either have to dial for them ,  or hand them the users manual . 

			neg: it seems to find to wash them and in there and it s way .

			pos: it seems to find to wash them and in there and it s way .

1654: neg:	luckily i was able to slip the button back inside and its been working for a while . 

			neg: although it was to fit in the screen back in and it s at the pan .

			pos: although it was to fit in the screen back in and it s at the pan .

1655: pos:	the case zipper shuts with a flap that covers the zipped part . 

			neg: the case goes for me to press and had it makes the market .

			pos: the phone has used to the num_num years of the fact that should .

1656: pos:	due to it s small footprint it doesn t take much room and is easy to store . 

			neg: in these comes out , but you make it easy to work and easy to use .

			pos: in these comes out , but you make it easy to work and easy to use .

1657: pos:	the only two minor problems i have with this one is what another reviewer wrote . 

			neg: the only two people like it i will find this is one with three times .

			pos: the only two people like these on it s one of amazon , maybe it .

1658: neg:	the first time i used the card in a digital camera ,  it corrupted the last half of the images . 

			neg: the first time i used in the food in one , and it didn t make a day of me .

			pos: the first time i used in the food in one , and it didn t get a new unit .

1659: pos:	i bought this coffee press in num_extend and it has been in use everyday for my morning ritual . 

			neg: i bought this case is in both , and have it on a few times for the car .

			pos: i bought this case is in its fine for the product with my cell phone for the headset .

1660: pos:	i feel like i have a new phone . 

			neg: i feel like i have a new phone .

			pos: i feel like i have a new phone .

1661: pos:	it grinds it to a powder in just a couple of seconds . 

			neg: it will use in a lot of coffee into a month .

			pos: it s into this to be a nice set and to change .

1662: pos:	the upholstery tool does an admirable job on carpeting under ,  say ,  a bed that can t be moved . 

			neg: the cord is to the bottom and can t change and it , and can t be a chance to say .

			pos: the cord is to the top from the store , but it is hard for a lot of products .

1663: pos:	plus its from amazon and amazon wouldn t put their name on crap . 

			neg: plus me was very as i m not for another size of it .

			pos: plus me and did a few times that will just get a reason .

1664: neg:	i reported it havent heard a word about it . 

			neg: i changed it , gave me a reason with it .

			pos: i contacted it s an excellent product at any reason .

1665: neg:	the only way to set the ball in the strike zone is to try and pitch it high . 

			neg: the only way to charge the game has a lot for num_num of them and the needs is not .

			pos: the only way to set the whole device , and it really can t work for the products .

1666: neg:	this plot twist is like something m night shamalan would come up with while drunk . 

			neg: this is like anything but is the num_extend came out of them with all day .

			pos: this is to say the which is still on the look and it s to me .

1667: pos:	he s heavy and stable enough to not tip over when it s windy . 

			neg: it works well enough , just made to the time but it didn t use .

			pos: it works well enough , just made to the time but it didn t use .

1668: pos:	another thing i really like is that it does not have rivets . 

			neg: i just have had that are also if it is not on the .

			pos: i just have had that are also if it is not on the .

1669: pos:	he read every amazon . com review as well as the zojirushi website . 

			neg: once it was the $ before this item and did in my own .

			pos: once it was the $ before this item and did in my own .

1670: pos:	fair price . x x x x x x x x xx x . 

			neg: good problem and used its two months of years at all times .

			pos: coffee needs weeks of num_num weeks ago look forward several months are .

1671: neg:	maybe i got a bad batch ?  won t take the chance again though . 

			neg: maybe i didn t know the more than two , out it . again .

			pos: maybe i didn t know the more than some time to do it again .

1672: neg:	i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon . 

			neg: i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon .

			pos: i was hoping for a bit better than this from amazon .

1673: neg:	that way ,  the lotion won t go to waste ,  and i can wash off the scent with my morning shower . 

			neg: that don t get a refund if you are not to remove , and it , but to get every day .

			pos: dont know the quality of it to me that you can be fine , when i m not in it to use .

1674: pos:	i had been looking for a ball whisk since seeing alton brown use one on good eats . 

			neg: i had been looking for a pair of num_extend and i wanted it a few times , needed .

			pos: i had been looking for a pair of num_extend and i wanted it a few of times and .

1675: pos:	it was a great purchase for my daughter s i phone num_num her favorite color is blue . 

			neg: it was a num_num times when i was used it num_num times all was just a num_extend

			pos: it was a few times on now i use this works great it is a great battery .

1676: neg:	this case is cute however the is the only good thing about it . 

			neg: this case is good product does not believe this is bought it will .

			pos: this case is good product does not believe this is bought it will .

1677: neg:	what designer invented this ?  ?  now ,  it only cost me $ and replacing it has been free . 

			neg: what happened , there and will now , i won t say me now , it s just a chance .

			pos: what happened , there and will now , i won t say now the best or another one , .

1678: neg:	i ve come to the conclusion that i ve wasted my money . 

			neg: i ve to make it and only if i am a product .

			pos: i ve come to the price with i thought with coffee .

1679: pos:	my slim daughter with her slim iphone cover laughed when she saw my new otterbox iphone armor . 

			neg: my feet broke with them and the day and got it was num_num years of these .

			pos: my evo took several hours to the iphone and it was got num_num stars and it died .

1680: neg:	i would not recomend this for a tmobile ,  mytouch phone to anyone . 

			neg: i would not replace the fact that in a num_extend when not better .

			pos: i would not replace the fact that in a num_extend when not better .

1681: neg:	i admit i did put hours into this game being the hugh mortal kombat fan that i am . 

			neg: i received it and it is the right on this , you can t say i bought these .

			pos: i received it and it is the right on this , you can t say i bought these .

1682: neg:	the good pieces that i manages to salvage the birds refuse to touch . 

			neg: the is better than it works on a lot of them , .

			pos: the is better , i needed to don t charge a lot better .

1683: neg:	he enjoys this toy ,  but can get the treats out fairly quickly . 

			neg: then this product at a game is if you take a bit too .

			pos: he would like for the good game to get out a bit better .

1684: pos:	i had no smoke though ,  and i wasn t worried about the mixer at all . 

			neg: i have num_num or it , but now , it would be used for me either .

			pos: i have num_num or it , but now , it would be used for me either .

1685: neg:	turning the input level up does help but that defeats the purpose of the earphones  having a silent tv  . 

			neg: each of the screen protector to make good battery . . i could be the box for a lot of these .

			pos: each of the screen protector to make good battery . . . i could be a thing for a lot of them .

1686: neg:	the lights are pretty bright but i have no use for it since i can t mount it nicely . 

			neg: the are not be fine but it doesn t work before i like it , it didn t use .

			pos: the are not be fine but it doesn t work before i like it and it doesn t beat .

1687: pos:	other than that ,  this coffee machine is easy to use and to clean . 

			neg: other than that , this was nice , and comes to be fine and .

			pos: other expensive that like this is a coffee , and much to hold coffee .

1688: neg:	like how many times you face the nazgul and how easily they are beaten . 

			neg: when made that it when it makes it num_extend and they made , even .

			pos: when made that it when it makes it num_extend and they made , even .

1689: neg:	i ordered num_num and find this to be a hugh mistake . 

			neg: i ordered num_num months because it to control , num_num of .

			pos: i ordered num_num months because it to control , num_num of .

1690: neg:	better yet i could loose some weight and get back in to a dozen pair from years ago . 

			neg: so won t buy my great to be a lot in about a charge for a few times .

			pos: so bad i didn t want to clean up in another for a lot for a replacement for over .

1691: neg:	if you are grinding dry items ,  it should be ok . 

			neg: if you are dry , even , not have different reviews .

			pos: if you are dry , even , not have different reviews .

1692: pos:	i plan to experiment with using a spatula or something else that will open this efficiently and safely . 

			neg: i plan to use it for a lot better than they are doing it from the num_extend , .

			pos: i be using it to , but they are the more at , i have to num_num months .

1693: pos:	i have to say that it was money well spent . 

			neg: i have to say that it was ok well , .

			pos: i have to say that it was good though , battery .

1694: neg:	the temp change was noticeable very quickly ,  you get really cold if you are near this thing on high . 

			neg: the device is well worth the plastic and make it to the taste of what i can t like it .

			pos: the device is well worth the plastic and make it to the taste of what i can t like it .

1695: neg:	it does a better job although the cat still gets upset ,  just doesn t freak out from surroundings . 

			neg: it has great off , but did not believe and it was just to get a really fine .

			pos: it has great off , one works . . . . the good one but not able to hold up , .

1696: pos:	i have used this several times for roasting sunflower seeds and it is functional and gets the job done . 

			neg: i have used this as i use it back , and came out and has a screen protector .

			pos: i have used this as i use it back , and came out and the handle is in it .

1697: neg:	the entire thing fits in the palm of my child s hand . 

			neg: the filter has been a hard on the price , it works .

			pos: the filter has been a hard on the price , it works .

1698: neg:	we understood that we should give this a num_num to num_num night test run at minimum . 

			neg: we re for me that i could not num_num months of every num_num of them and .

			pos: we re for me that i could not num_num times a few hours to go and .

1699: pos:	it stores in a really small place and is built to last . 

			neg: it s in a little better and the plastic is so in it .

			pos: it s in a little better and the plastic is so in it .

1700: neg:	i ordered these from amazon since i could find them nowhere in my area . 

			neg: i ordered these from amazon as i ve used the box or another one , .

			pos: i ordered these from amazon since i have a month before looking in top .

1701: pos:	it s the only knife i have in my kitchen and it serves all my purposes extremely well !  . 

			neg: it s only a review when i have a long time , it is quite well as well .

			pos: it s only a review when i have a long time , it is quite well as well .

1702: neg:	so what it comes down to is that u get what u paid for . 

			neg: so what it will get and made , it would be used to find .

			pos: so what it will get and made , it would be used to find .

1703: pos:	the reviews for this product were mostly positive and this is the reason for buying this handheld deep cleaner . 

			neg: a review because of these times , but was going to find this one of one for more .

			pos: a review because of these times , but was going to find this one of one for more .

1704: neg:	the pee doesn t seem to smell either . the poo stays on top with the litter . 

			neg: the cord comes out of the taste out , it does not charge in it .

			pos: the cord comes out of the taste out , it does not charge in it .

1705: neg:	unfortunately ,  he tore off the covering on this toy in num_num minutes !  don t bother with it . 

			neg: although it was a bit for it , this game worked fine , but worth going to buy .

			pos: as there was an iphone and get this game as long , but not fun to return it .

1706: pos:	also they did not honor the warranty because i did not buy it directly for the mfg . 

			neg: did not work on the best price . it did not buy this for me in it .

			pos: did not work on the best price . it did not buy this for me in it .

1707: pos:	for example ,  for  heavy duty  tasks like cutting through a chunk of frozen meat etc . 

			neg: for addition , and made looking and can do in a lot of num_num minutes .

			pos: for example , and want to be fine to have a lot of num_num minutes .

1708: pos:	one is for coffee ,  one for spices and one is for nuts and seeds . 

			neg: one is as small but this case and num_num than this works fine as fun .

			pos: one is as small but this case and num_num than this works good for a refund .

1709: neg:	this was the first gluten free product i tried followed by a sandwich with brown rice bread . 

			neg: this was a problem and best , i tried to a few months of them , etc .

			pos: this was a problem and best , i tried to a few months of them , etc .

1710: neg:	this year ,  with the $ price ,  there was no question !  i was staying with num_extend

			neg: if i was all it for what is all , maybe it s still a $ last .

			pos: if i was all with this , and s all me the price : so i gave me .

1711: neg:	my bag isn t very big and neither is the bike rack it sits on . 

			neg: the fact is way too sturdy and it is a problem and it doesn t .

			pos: the fact is way too sturdy and it is a problem and it doesn t .

1712: pos:	saves on cleaning and the use of aluminum foil . 

			neg: came out in and it is to the hair .

			pos: came out in baking and have a lot better .

1713: pos:	what a change in my life this will make . 

			neg: what the pan from the product was any way .

			pos: what the pan from the product was any way .

1714: neg:	not bad for what you pay ,  but i d rather spend num_extend the $ and have perfect . 

			neg: not worth buying yourself , buy this and ? i don t be ok but the best cable .

			pos: not worth what more if i don t work as much . the money is probably a replacement . . . . .

1715: pos:	i finally bought one of these for myself ,  i should ve done it long time ago . 

			neg: i bought one num_extend this for these , but i will tell it , once it worked .

			pos: i finally bought one of these , but i tried the same , i expected it and it .

1716: pos:	dial colors hold up well ,  however the needle is no longer red ,  turned dark over time . 

			neg: none is easy to clean ! this is all the screen protector to be a day , but .

			pos: none is easy to clean ! this is the screen protector ? not a bit for a time .

1717: pos:	the sound is also very surprising for the price and is enough for me . 

			neg: the sound is also very looking for my num_extend and is looking at .

			pos: the sound is also great for me , and was very useful for .

1718: pos:	this is the second one of these i have purchased . 

			neg: this is the second one of these i have purchased .

			pos: this is the second one of these i have purchased .

1719: pos:	it doesn t require genius to get this unit operating . 

			neg: it doesn t work in the things on the case .

			pos: it doesn t work in the things on the case .

1720: neg:	i just can t recommend a curling wand that is practically guaranteed to burn you . including a glove is thoughtful . 

			neg: i just can t work of these than a good so you really like it , and can be the phone .

			pos: i just can t work of these than a good so you really like it , not a few minutes .

1721: pos:	i guess i read a bunch of reviews talking about the belgian likeness ,  i thought thats what it was . 

			neg: i now i don t read a better brand of these , and it s one of the best time .

			pos: i now i don t a second other looking with the products , i was not what i saw the price .

1722: pos:	in it s expanded position ,  it is very comfortable to hold and use in my hand . 

			neg: you remove it is it , and there are easy to use and put in my iphone .

			pos: you remove it is what it is easy to use and look fine in my hand , .

1723: pos:	at work ,  especially ,  i only need an id and credit card so this case is perfect for my purposes . 

			neg: at work , but this isn t going to use it is a few times and i was looking for all .

			pos: at work , but this isn t going to use it is a few times and i was looking for all .

1724: pos:	works num_extend cups is perfect for husband and i ,  never been sorry for purchase . 

			neg: works worked good , perfect so good when i didn t want for it after only .

			pos: works worked good , perfect so good as if it s looking for it after only .

1725: pos:	i estimate that four trips were made to empty and refill the water compartments . 

			neg: i dont use cast iron needs more even , and takes the phone out .

			pos: i own this is so much of two or and has lots of water .

1726: neg:	the balm is crap more like a vaseline stick . 

			neg: the controls , num_num cups you are a like either .

			pos: the controls , num_num cups you are a like either .

1727: neg:	i guess it fails in the truth department on its advertising . 

			neg: i say it was the way to as it worked .

			pos: i guess it is on the water for it wasn t either .

1728: neg:	if you have a finicky cat ,  you might want to try the other flavor . 

			neg: if you have a good deal of these than the big deal that should be .

			pos: if you have a good deal of these than the big deal of these are .

1729: neg:	in this case ,  it s a big disappointment for num_extend

			neg: in this case , it s a more of years and .

			pos: in this case , it s a more of years and .

1730: pos:	carrots will leave a big orange smear on the surface . 

			neg: out this makes me from a things on the handle .

			pos: out this makes me from a things on the handle .

1731: neg:	i bought this product for feeding my num_num persian cats while on vacation . 

			neg: i bought this because of my iphone num_extend for a month with the iphone .

			pos: i bought this because of my iphone num_extend for a month with the iphone .

1732: neg:	a heroic wolf died saving a village ,  and now the village is surrounded by evil once again . 

			neg: just in amazon , num_num minutes , this is num_num months , and it s great away .

			pos: just in amazon , num_num minutes , this is num_num months , it works great for me , .

1733: neg:	so that would mean press one ,  move ,  press one ,  two ,  three ,  four five . 

			neg: so that isn t the reviews , it is a bottle , but it is the num_num stars , for me .

			pos: so that isn t the reviews .

1734: neg:	it is a poor performer when it comes to odor retention and clumping . 

			neg: it is a metal case with this of them , look as heavy .

			pos: it is a stainless steel i have to use it from a cheap deal .

1735: pos:	the instructions came over the motorola num_extend and were very clear . 

			neg: the battery like my favorite one worked well and is not .

			pos: the battery came in one is still so a very expensive .

1736: pos:	when we opened the box ,  we discovered that this has a nonstick coating . 

			neg: when we opened the box , they am using a product of course .

			pos: when we put the reviews on how that said , this one can clean .

1737: neg:	do not buy this product ! the photos are horribly ,  horribly misleading . 

			neg: do not buy this product ? it is very like your money .

			pos: do not buy this product ! the food processor , look in price .

1738: pos:	once the lid closes ,  the smell goes away . 

			neg: once the lid , not , you a bit better . . . . . . .

			pos: once the lid , not in the picture are .

1739: pos:	it s not as bulky feel as the other cases available . 

			neg: it s not as thick , but the price that worked .

			pos: it s not as easy , but the price that are .

1740: pos:	it simply gets all the juice from the fruit and has a cup that is the correct premeasured size . 

			neg: it does its hard cover a more light and it has a good size , but you ll not .

			pos: it does its hard cover a more light , but the phone is a couple of this is just .

1741: pos:	still it is a fun learning experience and so far so good . 

			neg: still it is a more , but so far so good ! .

			pos: still it is a more , but so far so good ! .

1742: neg:	this is the second bottle i have purchased and honestly i see no noticeable difference . 

			neg: this is the second thing after this that said , he didn t seem to .

			pos: this is the second thing after this that said , he didn t seem to .

1743: pos:	it was just what i expected it to be . 

			neg: it was just what i expected it to be .

			pos: it was just what i expected it to be .

1744: pos:	i did not have what i felt were unrealistic expectations of this device . 

			neg: i did not have what i was going to work of this would have .

			pos: i did not have what i haven t was going to have of this .

1745: neg:	several times already because the machine kept loosing suction . we returned the second hoover and purchased the dyson . 

			neg: he i was in this num_num times , just used it based on and it was in the num_extend .

			pos: he purchased the price my son is an hour , so i had a day for a week .

1746: neg:	it adds size o an already pretty big system . 

			neg: it would be a charge some more little more .

			pos: it would be a charge some more little more .

1747: pos:	my wife despises window fans usually and she loves this thing too . 

			neg: my wife is with the num_num works and i wish it had very .

			pos: my wife is with the num_num works and i wish it had very .

1748: pos:	i purchased the frieling to replace a glass bodum press that broke . 

			neg: i had this pan out of years from a screen i liked it .

			pos: i had this pan out of years from a screen i liked it .

1749: pos:	it works as expected and is just the right size for the camper . 

			neg: it works as expected and is just the right from the fact it .

			pos: it works as well is great but the cover a bit based on .

1750: neg:	armada lacks the epic scope of similar games like homeworld or even starcraft . 

			neg: and it should just like anyone who is like anything at home .

			pos: sometimes the product can be wish of them , so difficult to pay at .

1751: neg:	i have been a devoted zyliss chopper fan ever since i bought my first one in num_extend

			neg: i have been a small one with these , i ordered this for a first time .

			pos: i have been a small one with these , i ordered this for a coffee as it .

1752: pos:	a meeting my phone is in the bag charging . 

			neg: a phone on is a perfect amount of the phone .

			pos: a phone on is a perfect amount of the phone .

1753: neg:	they were huge ,  yet the same size in the leather is tight . 

			neg: they were made as no issue on the top of a num_extend

			pos: they were fun and it didn t get a case of all .

1754: pos:	white in the refrigerator a couple of days longer . 

			neg: great on the pan , num_num like two different .

			pos: great on the pan , num_num of christmas too .

1755: neg:	they also make noise if you happen to touch one against the other . 

			neg: there s just to get that it makes it from my own .

			pos: there s just to get that it makes it from the price for .

1756: pos:	however ,  keep in mind that looking at the picture you may think it works also for bottles . 

			neg: however , keeps it , so you can t think it can be the price but i m very disappointed .

			pos: however , keeps it , so you can t think it can be the price and it was better .

1757: neg:	it worked great for the first couple of weeks then it just stopped completely . 

			neg: it worked great for the first for a month later it worked right up .

			pos: it worked great for the first for a month later it worked right up .

1758: neg:	size s in black fits and feels great ,  but the print combo was tighter and not at all flattering . 

			neg: just like the phone is great , easy , but it was just a bit better and it is too .

			pos: just like the phone is great , clean , but it was just a num_num hours of num_num bucks .

1759: pos:	not only has this piece performed flawlessly ,  but the entire set i received has too . 

			neg: not love the thing would be fine , but it doesn t got a week .

			pos: not love the thing would be fine , but it doesn t got a week .

1760: neg:	the demo offered clean graphics and quick gameplay ,  though it was hampered by an incredibly simplistic story . 

			neg: the handles was made a very good condition , so it would be a long time of the hair .

			pos: the handles was made a very good condition , so it would be a long time of the food .

1761: neg:	i cant believe i wasted num_num dollars on this doll when i could have gotten a better liv doll . 

			neg: i don t bought this num_num and it could find for the same product with a different version .

			pos: i don t bought this num_num and it could find for the same product with a different version .

1762: pos:	it seems highly recommended to completely discharge a battery prior to recharging  though this can be debated  . 

			neg: it really they re right from all of time and they have an extra plus .

			pos: it may recommend them up on a few times or it would be able to use .

1763: neg:	pricing was about what i expected to paycons :  bose only wants their customers buying their products . 

			neg: otherwise , i haven t used it s a $ one ? i won t recommend the old dog .

			pos: otherwise , i haven t used it s a $ one ? i won t recommend the old dog .

1764: pos:	i love cooking and you need sharp knives when cooking . 

			neg: i am happy and make you know and like cooking .

			pos: i am happy and make you know and like cooking .

1765: neg:	spend the extra bucks and get the chopat knee bands . 

			neg: didn t want at all , it could be fine .

			pos: didn t want at all , it could be fine .

1766: pos:	this item works just as i thought it would . 

			neg: this item works just as i thought it would .

			pos: this item works just as i thought it would .

1767: neg:	everytime there is a  brownout  or  power flicker  the battery backup does not engage and the computer just resets . 

			neg: there is for a screen look great if the screen but the phone s not a great one .

			pos: there is a month or a really sound but it does not a few times or the screen protector .

1768: neg:	unfortunately ,  not my blackberry nor my cell phone . 

			neg: unfortunately , the num_extend set and this is perfectly .

			pos: unfortunately , the num_extend set and this is perfectly .

1769: neg:	i contacted the seller and was given a refund . 

			neg: i contacted the best for good item into time .

			pos: i contacted the best for good item into others .

1770: neg:	works no better than the one that came with the tuner i purchased it for . 

			neg: works too bad as a try this , which i have started using it as .

			pos: works very bad for the good thing i wanted to find it after using my family .

1771: pos:	the inside diameter is roughly num_num   x num_num   ,  in other words ,  very useable . 

			neg: the large unit works pretty good for me and the products , a new store .

			pos: the large cover works great , about num_num months , the other sizes , etc .

1772: pos:	it s environmentally friendlier than the plastic baggies foodsaver sells ,  and more cost effective . 

			neg: it s better of the phone instead of a long time is more , more .

			pos: it s better in the num_extend piece of good deal and they are a better .

1773: pos:	it comes at a good price and appears to be well made . 

			neg: it comes at a good price and plan to be very much .

			pos: it comes at a good price and looking at all or anything .

1774: pos:	oh well ,  say goodbye to your problem with the help of this new trent icarrier num_extend

			neg: all i am hard to say it to the lot of it with the num_num star reviews .

			pos: all i am hard to say it to the lot of it with the num_num star reviews .

1775: neg:	the graphics are most definitely improved over the previous version . 

			neg: the colors isn t are only a replacement game from amazon .

			pos: the colors isn t are only a replacement game from amazon .

1776: neg:	i had also informed the organix company of my dissatisfaction but no response on their part . 

			neg: i would be my son can t believe it is two , but will fit in .

			pos: i have good one way to this one and it is some of the house .

1777: neg:	the granite on the inside is unfinished and has a powdery residue ,  likely the stone . 

			neg: on the lid is on a very , however , and the metal clip has to .

			pos: on the lid is on a very , however , and the metal clip has to .

1778: pos:	my fiance tried ,  too ,  but couldn t get the attachment to fit ,  either . 

			neg: my skin it worked , but but can t turn it on the taste from .

			pos: my hands . . . and not good for you get a cover to not look fine .

1779: pos:	what happens :  programs on the bionic that are moved to the sd card disappear . 

			neg: what is it is if it is more like num_num for the taste of them .

			pos: what is it is if it may work for a lot that will hold all .

1780: neg:	i used it once ,  and only then did i notice that the last ingredient listed is ovary . 

			neg: i used it and it was still , so i will last one , i ll last all .

			pos: i used it and it was still , so i will last one , i ll last all .

1781: neg:	i like the concept and the design ,  but this product fell short of my expectations . 

			neg: i like the idea and the design , but this product just like the money .

			pos: i like the price , can also fine product because it has a different thing .

1782: neg:	no support ,  itchy fabric ,  and doesn t hold a good shape . 

			neg: no taste , but the heavy use , the cord is easy to .

			pos: no taste , but the heavy use , the cord is easy to .

1783: neg:	i have since replaced my regular bike seat with a gel seat which i prefer and is very comfortable . 

			neg: i have owned several and didn t look like a year with this is great , and better .

			pos: i have several years to my num_extend up to have used as a good idea that very well .

1784: pos:	i particularly like turning it on before i leave for work and returning to freshly vacuumed rooms . 

			neg: i don t even when using it on them and i am just to use for a refund .

			pos: i don t even when using it on them and i am just for enough to use .

1785: pos:	these imperfections cannot be seen from the viewing angle and they  heal  over time . 

			neg: these are the more for a bit than it worked fine before the car .

			pos: these are the more for a bit than it worked fine before the car .

1786: neg:	it was almost like pokemon yellow in the fighting system . 

			neg: it was excellent as it , can just have different .

			pos: it was perfect for the kitchen piece set should be .

1787: pos:	i bought this when i bought the bread maker to make slicing easier and it does . 

			neg: i bought this for this years and it makes them from a lot of use .

			pos: i bought this for this years and it makes them from a lot of use .

1788: neg:	it does this to a very significant degree and is extremely uncomfortable to wear . 

			neg: it has been a bit better , just and and look a new device .

			pos: it has been a bit better , just and and look a new device .

1789: pos:	the rubberized bottom and comfortable handle on this bowl make it a pleasure to use . 

			neg: the base , and keeps my phone doesn t like to make it a few .

			pos: the handle and put up , but the cover you can do like num_num times .

1790: pos:	i read all the reviews and decided on this one . 

			neg: i read all the reviews and decided on this one .

			pos: i read all the reviews and decided on this one .

1791: pos:	they are very light weight  you may not like that  and they are quite sharp . 

			neg: they are very light don t can have good things like its easier to clean .

			pos: they are very light don t can have plastic things that it is easy to work .

1792: pos:	of course the german s call this sort of idea good engineering . 

			neg: don t like the num_extend these of the others that makes good .

			pos: don t like the num_extend these of the others that makes good .

1793: pos:	these work well ,  and the one that fits bottles comes in handy too . 

			neg: i work very well , this is left as much like a bit better .

			pos: i work very well , this is left as much like a bit better .

1794: pos:	i also love that this griddle doubles as an indoor grill . 

			neg: i also love that this one and comes in a replacement .

			pos: i also love that this one and comes in a replacement .

1795: neg:	there must be an engineering issue with the motor of the toy . 

			neg: there may be an issue and it will get a second thing .

			pos: there may be an issue and it will get a second fan .

1796: pos:	by the way ,  i read here so often about not using soap to wash your cast iron . 

			neg: by the way , i said they was so much about it to be a lot of them ! .

			pos: by the way , i said they was so much to try the store for some of all .

1797: pos:	we have used ours at least a couple of hundred times . 

			neg: we have used her money to num_num months of a month .

			pos: we have used her money to num_num months of a month .

1798: pos:	my friend loaned me a wilton angel food pan which she had it from way back when . 

			neg: my son and the cost of num_num months , and only had to send it a num_num .

			pos: my son and the cost of num_num months , and only had no reason to my hands .

1799: pos:	i also found the carry handle a great idea that i wish all similar shaped counter top appliances had . 

			neg: i still have a great device is simple , but i bought is really like a great deal .

			pos: i still have a great device is simple , but i found that is a great looking charge .

1800: pos:	these screen protectors ,  last me a month or num_num each ,  and i use my iphone like a mad man . 

			neg: these looks good for me the iphone num_num minutes and with me , as it was in a long time .

			pos: these looks good for me the iphone num_extend or and after a month , and i have a few times .

1801: pos:	however ,  if you have the money to buy a better one ,  do it . 

			neg: however , if you have a deal about a lot , but that you will .

			pos: however , if you have a deal with a more , but i can t do .

1802: pos:	i was able to reuse what i had ,  but that just isn t what you always want to do . 

			neg: i was able to find me for this thing that is and i don t seem to make sure ? .

			pos: i was able to find me for this thing and that is not you don t want to do nothing .

1803: pos:	a must have if you have one of the older foodsavers . 

			neg: a must have if you have one of the company and will get .

			pos: a must have if you had the best of the new .

1804: neg:	the quality is declined quickly by heat exposure . 

			neg: the quality is dry , too large .

			pos: the quality is dry , too large .

1805: neg:	this is held all together on clear glue or something and my everything fell off . 

			neg: this is still in your phone with a bit so well like the phone at all .

			pos: this is still in your phone with a bit so well on the oven is well .

1806: pos:	i may even give some as gifts this holiday season . 

			neg: i really had to say two times when the new .

			pos: i really had to say two times my review or .

1807: neg:	might have been some rain storms or whatnot ,  but definitely flimsy . roger . 

			neg: might have been not to be well , maybe the cheap price of them .

			pos: wouldn t have to get more great , so it is a better .

1808: pos:	the finer the setting ,  the longer it takes . 

			neg: the bottom won t hold the product will take the .

			pos: the bottom won t hold the product out the do .

1809: pos:	why get yet another accessory to clean ,  or lose ?  i ruined my previous mr . 

			neg: after some others , they can be fine ? well , with the num_num star product .

			pos: after some others , they can be fine , or why it s a gift .

1810: pos:	i use these reviews so heavily that i want to give back . 

			neg: i tried , but she who that that it can be used .

			pos: i tried , but she who that that it can be used me .

1811: pos:	should have a wider design for different foods . 

			neg: the graphics can see all reviews to be better .

			pos: the graphics can see all reviews to be better .

1812: pos:	its actually a little better than the filter that came with the unit . 

			neg: both there is a little easier if i have great for this thing .

			pos: both there is a little easier if i have good for the set .

1813: neg:	the main flavor to come through is cinnamon and the slight sweetness of stevia . 

			neg: the quality of make them out of a good use it just can t .

			pos: the quality of make them to clean the num_num years of the taste like new .

1814: neg:	i recommend against this case and suggest you purchase one with a more secure closing mechanism . 

			neg: i used it is as it is because it will buy a num_num from all it .

			pos: i used it is as it is because it will buy a num_num from all it .

1815: pos:	purchased this to charge my new android tablet in the car on trips . 

			neg: for this set of iphone num_num times in and it on a refund .

			pos: purchased this to my iphone two and had a lot on my skin .

1816: pos:	ended up making my ear ring until i had things set where i wanted them . 

			neg: needed water didn t work as it for using it s had one .

			pos: needed water didn t work as it for using it s had one .

1817: pos:	i ve had to repair it a few times as it s % plastic . 

			neg: i ve had to check the phone and when i did not work fine .

			pos: i ve had to check the phone and when i did not work fine .

1818: pos:	this is the best cookware i ve ever owned . 

			neg: this is the best price i ve been what others .

			pos: this is the best price i ve been what others .

1819: neg:	cannot believe i paid almost $ for this piece of junk  including shipping  . 

			neg: not , but i m num_num years of it from the price ? .

			pos: not , but i m num_num years of it from the price ? .

1820: pos:	not that anything sticks that much you just don t have to worry . 

			neg: not that do too you re and doesn t make you don t .

			pos: not that do too you re and doesn t make you don t .

1821: neg:	i love keens ,  but he found the toe box too big and the heel slightly large . 

			neg: i love , but then this and it s just rather large for a lot of meat .

			pos: i love , but then this and it s just rather large for a lot easier .

1822: neg:	i thought they were sized for kids  which they are  ,  they seem to hurt more . 

			neg: i wish they re great for that that they are just you need to be working .

			pos: i wish they re great for that that they are just you need to be working .

1823: neg:	i was also very disappointed at how quickly it drains the batteries . 

			neg: i was also very pleased with very pleased with the screen .

			pos: i was also very pleased with very pleased with the screen ever well .

1824: pos:	i may get one for my son next christmas . 

			neg: i may get one for my son next week .

			pos: i may get one for my son next week .

1825: pos:	if the mic is then flipped up your other party ,  if still connected on their end ,  can hear you . 

			neg: if the colors and will look great , so it s a longer , but if you won t make it .

			pos: if the colors and will look great , so it s a longer , but if you re not to get me .

1826: neg:	my daughter gets considerable excitement when she puts in a coin ,  turns the handle ,  and gets a gumball . 

			neg: as it was able to now when it is able to the pan , and has a bit of coffee .

			pos: as it was able to now when it is able to the pan , and the handle is a month .

1827: neg:	but trying to justify the initial price ,  as well as the overly expensive replacement heads just can t happen . 

			neg: but had made in my old and product , and the price but didn t be a more like .

			pos: but had made in my old and product , and the price but didn t be a more like .

1828: neg:	i made the mistake of buying two sharks ,  this one and a small hand held one for my car . 

			neg: i made of the $ i can last forever , this is a few months after a gift for it .

			pos: i made of the $ i had an iphone and the reviews , and didn t use a gift for it .

1829: neg:	the good thing about this game is that the steering and control are very tight . 

			neg: the good thing for it would be , i don t be good and look off .

			pos: the good thing for it would be , i don t be good and look off .

1830: neg:	i can not send it back due to shipping requirements . 

			neg: i can t last some it is for some num_extend .

			pos: i can t last some it is for some num_extend .

1831: pos:	i have a tiny office ,  so this is underneath my desk ,  which isn t ideal for circulating the air . 

			neg: i have a large phones , so it is this is a gift , but they ll just like china .

			pos: i have a large phones , so it is this is a gift , but they ll just like china .

1832: pos:	i just apply popcorn salt after it has popped . 

			neg: this works pretty comfortable it works on the others , .

			pos: i just use all little before i have a iphone .

1833: neg:	it really is not different at all . they put that starforce antipiracy crap on the disk . 

			neg: it really is not very much a month and they do the price , but it doesn t .

			pos: it are not just very good with anything and i m sure , it is the same .

1834: pos:	i have these in plum and when i ordered them they were called  rimmed pasta plates  . 

			neg: i have used the phone for my kitchen i ve bought these too bad for all .

			pos: i have used the phone for my kitchen i ve bought these too bad for all .

1835: neg:	as the clock clicked by num_extend i still felt sluggish . 

			neg: received in the other or one now though did nothing quality .

			pos: received in the other or one ! she did too in .

1836: pos:	i read over all the negative reviews just before posting this one . 

			neg: i received the different one of my new num_extend this one had .

			pos: i received the different one of my new num_extend this one had .

1837: pos:	however ,  even with preheating ,  some airpots won t do well in a couple hours of winter weather . 

			neg: however , with at all of it made to me , and will be able to my money off .

			pos: ok , with that look in the local store out the store , and had a lot of tea .

1838: neg:	ekobrew ,  the coffee always stays in that bottom wedge section . 

			neg: yes , keeps my screen protectors of this , and fit .

			pos: yes , keeps my screen protectors of this , and fit .

1839: pos:	i was waiting on a replacement phone and needed something to work . 

			neg: i was getting a problem and was just so even on food .

			pos: i was able to my old color and needed to them too .

1840: pos:	just drop the battery in ,  set the clock and you re ready to go . 

			neg: just didn t use the top of this case about a lot of them with it .

			pos: just didn t use the top of this case about a lot of them with it .

1841: neg:	i can t send it back again because i don t have it . 

			neg: i can t send it back so i thought in it i will .

			pos: i can t send it back so i thought if you have it .

1842: pos:	they are sturdy ,  useful ,  and a great price to boot . 

			neg: they are good , easy , but , is great for some .

			pos: they are good , easy , but , is great for some .

1843: neg:	it is hard for me to find comfortable bras sized num_extend

			neg: it is hard for me like things for my num_extend very useful .

			pos: it is hard for me to use this is better off .

1844: pos:	a great substitute for an expensive wine thief . 

			neg: a great looking at a fan of very .

			pos: a great looking at a fan of very .

1845: pos:	can t beat it for the price on a prime membership . 

			neg: can t beat it for the price on a charm , .

			pos: can t beat it for the price on a charm , .

1846: pos:	this powergen external battery saved me from being without a phone once while in italy . 

			neg: this one or amazon didn t work without the phone , and after right off .

			pos: this one or amazon didn t work without the phone , after a long time down .

1847: neg:	but ,  the pre uses the same battery as the centro and battery life is terrible . 

			neg: and this is in the iphone battery on amazon has a num_extend num_num months and .

			pos: and this is in the iphone battery on amazon has a num_extend num_num months and .

1848: pos:	it is very compact and because of the wheels ,  easily moved . 

			neg: it is very cute and for the machine , not dry , .

			pos: it is very handy and because you can all my kitchen look fine .

1849: neg:	if any of you guys have ever read my reviews . 

			neg: if you can t go it has another product reviews .

			pos: if you can t go it has ever purchased a item .

1850: pos:	i make my own sausage such as chicken ,  fennel ,  and apple that is not only healthier but fresher . 

			neg: it s had great , out of coffee , and not that is the num_extend which i m not for me .

			pos: it s had great , out of coffee , and not that is the num_extend which i m not for me .

1851: neg:	i packed the thing up twice for purposes to taking it back to best buy . 

			neg: i needed the whole product at num_num and have to go back and had any reason .

			pos: i needed the whole product at and two of it to work for some reason .

1852: pos:	my husband and i managed to break both of these this year . 

			neg: my husband and i stopped working , they really got this now .

			pos: my husband and i stopped working , not about several times one .

1853: neg:	after a few minutes they just slide down my face and i m constantly adjusting them . 

			neg: after a few hours are the back on both , and it was very often .

			pos: after a few minutes they just right , it is well as it works too .

1854: pos:	most mixing bowls are round right ?  this is whisking the sides as well as the bottom of the bowl . 

			neg: plus it is very much of the num_extend . . . but the phone does like a day in the dishwasher .

			pos: unfortunately , look great that will protect the phone and it was in all in the bottom of the phone .

1855: pos:	try adding parmesan and thyme as it suggests ,  the results are sensational . 

			neg: they wouldn t work fine as what it is in the other games .

			pos: they wouldn t work fine as what it is in the other games .

1856: pos:	basically plug it in and let it warm up for a while then get to frying . 

			neg: didn t use , down on at my phone to look fine on with a lot .

			pos: didn t use , down on at my phone to look fine on with a lot .

1857: pos:	i just got the case and i love it . 

			neg: i just got the case and i love it .

			pos: i just got the case and i love it .

1858: neg:	after having excellent out of the box experiences with linksys products in the past they got my purchase . 

			neg: after num_num of them in the more of this , so many of the same time for this time .

			pos: after going back of the fact with a lot of these , so i saw on the same time .

1859: pos:	i definitely recommend this seller and this item to any and everybody !  ! tiffanni  : d . 

			neg: i definitely recommend this item for the price , they will be good , maybe money .

			pos: i definitely recommend this item for the price , they will be good , maybe money .

1860: neg:	the brewed coffee was very weak ,  and the flavor was poor . 

			neg: the motor was great , and its a hard product is good .

			pos: the motor was great , and its a hard product is good .

1861: pos:	num_num of my friends have purchased these headphones within num_num week of my recommendation . 

			neg: num_num of my son had i re only num_num years after a couple of this battery .

			pos: num_num of my son had i re only num_num years after a couple of this battery .

1862: neg:	it takes little space on your counter or in your cupboard . 

			neg: it seems to clean on your pocket or in the taste .

			pos: it seems to clean on your pocket or in the taste .

1863: neg:	their flagging sales surely signal the end of their foolish publishing decisions . 

			neg: some others out , just have a lot it may be next .

			pos: some others out , just have a lot of these sizes .

1864: neg:	imagine my surprise when the diarrhea never went away . 

			neg: my own it , didn t charge at all these .

			pos: my own it , didn t charge at all these .

1865: neg:	i don t know how to return it ,  but wish i could . 

			neg: i don t know how to it . i m hoping for this .

			pos: i don t know how to it . i m hoping for this .

1866: pos:	i just purchased this model mainly for my new ipad . 

			neg: i just purchased this one instead , i gave num_num .

			pos: i just purchased this one instead , i gave num_num .

1867: pos:	i would rate this corer num_num stars for functionality and usefulness . 

			neg: i would have good review at num_num times because or poor .

			pos: i would have good review at num_num times because or quality .

1868: neg:	so much for australia !  i also purchased a pair of ugg ansley charms ,  they were too tight . 

			neg: so much for me , which i was the day and had a lot of that are so .

			pos: so much for me that was my review , but i can t really use it is much better .

1869: neg:	the second point falls far below the first point on importance ,  but it s still an issue for me . 

			neg: the second problem works worse as the best of it s a week , but they will last longer , .

			pos: the second problem works okay in all i didn t see why ? i didn t say about the time .

1870: neg:	kayak on the hullavator without exceeding thule s load rating for the thule roof rack . 

			neg: especially if it around the iphone and ever made and this thing just fine .

			pos: especially if it up in it works for me , but it would be fine .

1871: pos:	along with multiple devices it doesn t charge efficiently . i like it , though and would recommend it . 

			neg: at the problem and took it in it . . . i didn t think that it s at the store .

			pos: at the problem and they charge the problem for it , i m happy with it is about it .

1872: pos:	the cups nestle nicely and they clean up easily and do not stain . 

			neg: the cups feels like and then your screen and look of them .

			pos: the cups fits at its hot , look very well didn t do .

1873: neg:	it doesn t really open all that easily as advertised . 

			neg: it doesn t really clean your now , and fit it .

			pos: it doesn t really clean your now , and fit it .

1874: neg:	it is almost as if it was never sanded down properly . 

			neg: it is perfect for my opinion it was not after your num_extend down .

			pos: it is perfect for my opinion it was not after your num_extend down .

1875: pos:	it falls off the edges and i really can t use it anymore . 

			neg: it feels in the num_extend and you really like it worked .

			pos: it heats up in the num_extend and you really have to install .

1876: pos:	if you are a serious cook who wants serious quality cookware ,  then all clad is a great option . 

			neg: if you are a more , i m going to believe is all the num_num is a better job .

			pos: if you are a more , i m going to install the good quality is not very excited to clean .

1877: pos:	this does it in one easy motion and there s a scraper that will get any leftovers from the sides . 

			neg: this unit a bit of time is very in them , but not worth it could get a lot of me .

			pos: this unit a bit of time is very in them , but i will not get a lot of us .

1878: pos:	anything to save my valuable home time for other chores is a bargin . 

			neg: made with some my dog , and i haven t almost a small device .

			pos: made with the num_num of time and i am a different reviews .

1879: neg:	the characters are so pixelated to the point that they look like walking squares . 

			neg: the needs are and they can t have so how they can t work in .

			pos: the needs is much better on the clip that they are sure , not fine .

1880: neg:	if you only eat garlic once in a blue moon ,  again ,  this is fine . 

			neg: if it would recommend and the phone in $ off , this is for a kitchen .

			pos: if it would recommend and the phone in all , for the money , but .

1881: neg:	i sometimes wear this as a sleep bra ,  it is that soft and stretchy . 

			neg: i expected it as my life of it was , it are good , and .

			pos: i expected it as my life of it was , it is better , etc .

1882: neg:	i will give it a go and post another review . 

			neg: i will give it in num_num times ? another review .

			pos: i will give it in num_num times ? another review .

1883: neg:	i got these for my daughter and they were not worth the money . 

			neg: i got these for my daughter and they were not worth the money .

			pos: i got these for my daughter and they were not worth the money .

1884: pos:	i use mine to store books and toys . 

			neg: i use mine to work in other and .

			pos: i use mine to install much money great buy .

1885: neg:	if you spend a little more you can probably find a better mount else where . 

			neg: if you might just a lot more if you would be good for it ? .

			pos: if you might just a lot more if you would be good when they d .

1886: pos:	i ordered this on weds aug num_extend num_num and it arrived usps on friday before noon . 

			neg: i ordered this for the iphone num_num minutes and i did have to use it now .

			pos: i ordered this for the iphone num_num minutes and i did have to use it now .

1887: pos:	i make fries all the time and this cut down my time . 

			neg: i do not a phone , i always put the right time .

			pos: i do not a phone , i ended up my while the car .

1888: neg:	never used soap ,  oiled a bit after use . 

			neg: they did to work in the phone or after it .

			pos: they did to work in the phone or after it .

1889: pos:	it functions as expected and is dishwasher safe . i highly recommend it . 

			neg: it is it and works fine , look ! i guess i do .

			pos: it does so , and looks good . . . . they say they have .

1890: pos:	we are very satisfied with our collection of wusthof kitchen cutlery and these are no exception . 

			neg: they am very small with it with a different headphones and it s different sizes .

			pos: they am very small with it with a different headphones and it s different sizes .

1891: neg:	you will see this screen over and over and over again . 

			neg: you will see the battery for a great last as at over .

			pos: you will see the battery as little and after a num_num last after back .

1892: pos:	a great cookware set for the little i paid for it . 

			neg: a great charger , it didn t want for them on .

			pos: a great charger , it didn t want for them on .

1893: pos:	but the rhinestones stay on well and it s a cute case . 

			neg: but doesn t cut it well as much it and also this is .

			pos: but doesn t cut it well as much it and also this is .

1894: pos:	i also like the fact it does not make a huge amount i have to store somewhere . 

			neg: i also like the original game also do not a lot of it for not work .

			pos: i also like the fact it does not not want a lot if it s back .

1895: neg:	i wonder what were they thinking when they made this product . 

			neg: i expected of these many and i do not like when i do .

			pos: i expected of these many and i make sure , i like it .

1896: neg:	you re supposed to put together three little megablok pieces to create a single dresser drawer or kitchen cabinet unit . 

			neg: you re to hold the phone with very difficult to the back , num_num of ice cream for me .

			pos: you re to hold the phone with very difficult to the back , num_num of ice cream for me .

1897: neg:	replaced bowl and cover parts for older processor . 

			neg: set are fine into this is much for one .

			pos: set are fine into this is much for one .

1898: pos:	the base housing wipes down easily ,  with no crevices to collect gunk . 

			neg: the filter are done in all with your hair on num_num of us .

			pos: the filter is done with your phone out , they can be my own .

1899: neg:	very disappointed !  !  !  returned .  .  . lace wasn t soft ,  so definantly uncomfortable . 

			neg: fast ! ! ! . . . i haven t feel not as much better as expected .

			pos: very disappointed ! ! ! . it works . . the quality but too , but .

1900: pos:	works fine ,  what can go wrong with a french press . 

			neg: works fine , when you ll try them in my money .

			pos: works fine , when you really buy for the kitchen in amazon .

1901: pos:	i have ordered multiple boxes of this product over the last few years . 

			neg: i have ordered lots of these as the game on num_num years ago .

			pos: i have ordered lots of these as the game on num_num years ago .

1902: pos:	i bought num_num of these and use them as backups in my cars . 

			neg: i bought num_num of these and use them as a month in the time .

			pos: i bought num_num of these and use them as a month in the time .

1903: pos:	i use it for honey and it is a nice size to keep on the countertop . 

			neg: i use it for and it is a handle and didn t hold the way on .

			pos: i use it for cleaning product and does just hold the pan just to get it .

1904: neg:	the good news is that in lego star wars there is no such thing as a game over . 

			neg: the good idea and don t recommend this is a better end up but the one of the first stuff .

			pos: the good quality headphones , but they don t be a new one is not in the second size .

1905: pos:	i fell in love with the knives after using my num_extend chef knife for about num_num months . 

			neg: this works like it at least it s as for this for num_num months about a month .

			pos: i also used it for my own on several , but i was able to num_num years and .

1906: neg:	not knocking just for me products but this did not work for my daughter s hair . 

			neg: not just for me work , but i did not be bought this as expected ! .

			pos: not just for me better but the price i still have great deal so i m happy .

1907: pos:	i m tempted to buy another of these and keep it safe ,  just in case i lose this one too . 

			neg: i m looking at it on there that will be a few times . . . but it a little on the price .

			pos: i m looking at it on there that will be a few times . . . but it a little on the price .

1908: pos:	this is an excellent item and for the price . 

			neg: this is an excellent item and for the price .

			pos: this is an excellent item and for the price .

1909: neg:	the knife it self is not so great . 

			neg: the case i can work also they work great .

			pos: the case i can work also they work great .

1910: neg:	and there are usually tons of food sources they already have access too . 

			neg: num_extend to say is supposed to sound that two of it worked well .

			pos: num_extend to say is supposed to sound that two of it worked well .

1911: pos:	it cleans up nicely and doesn t take much room to store . 

			neg: it cleans up off and it keeps to look much to store .

			pos: it cleans up easy on and fit to do or to use .

1912: neg:	we don t have this problem with our older ,  smaller drinkwell . 

			neg: we don t have this problem with two years of a better .

			pos: we don t have this problem with two years of a better .

1913: pos:	like the outer pocket that is large enough to hold my regular and dough hooks . 

			neg: you feel like two , and are difficult to hold in and num_num hours .

			pos: doesn t use in small work is to hold a lot and and needed .

1914: pos:	i highly recommend this beautiful and quality bundt cake pan . 

			neg: i highly recommend this and stainless steel maker at a pan .

			pos: i highly recommend this and stainless steel maker at a pan .

1915: pos:	sound quality is good for music and calls . 

			neg: sound quality is good for its fine and .

			pos: sound quality is good for its fine and .

1916: pos:	the incredible includes that plus includes htc sense ,  which adds a few nice tweaks to the basic android software . 

			neg: the cord works for the other looking and i don t be a few months of usb cord to have great .

			pos: the cord works for the other looking and i don t be a few months of usb cord to have great .

1917: pos:	it took num_num whole days for all of the bubbles to come out ,  but they are completely gone . 

			neg: it took num_num of num_num months , it to make a bit more of them with num_num hours .

			pos: it took num_num of num_num months , it to make a bit more of them with num_num hours .

1918: neg:	instead ,  the flavor was sweet and tasted like a pineapple dum dum lollipop . 

			neg: and don t don t be coffee and i ll have a few hours of it .

			pos: and don t don t be coffee and i ll have a few hours of it .

1919: pos:	it is closed which means it has to stand up in a corner somewhere . 

			neg: it is simple that got it , can make my phone to a bit .

			pos: you are also bought this , it takes a set and can the water .

1920: neg:	this kind of conversation may be realistic ,  but it s not interesting ,  and it s bad num_extend

			neg: this kind of may work in the other games , it s not and it is not at all .

			pos: this kind of kind of num_extend is to do the price , so it is not all about all .

1921: neg:	it was because i had too much protein built up in my hair . 

			neg: this works because it i wanted too much a lot , and fit .

			pos: this works because it i wanted too much a lot , and fit .

1922: pos:	now it has a slight pink tint to it around the bumper surfaces . 

			neg: now it has a bit , but they fit in the taste and it .

			pos: now it has a bit , but they fit in your phone .

1923: neg:	i have found gel liners have worked best ,  the drugstore kind that come with a baby brush applicator . 

			neg: i have found it is of these times , just not sure , it s just like an hour .

			pos: i have found it is of these times , just not sure , it s little looking for the .

1924: neg:	warms and maintains a bedroom at a very comfortable temperature for the size . 

			neg: and it is nice for to be great and after a lot of pan .

			pos: and it is nice for to be great and after a lot of pan .

1925: pos:	it is comfortable and just the right length for my needs . 

			neg: it is and and didn t fit a month ago .

			pos: it is and easy didn t fit fine for the battery .

1926: neg:	every time ,  the other end of the line complains of horrible noise . 

			neg: every time , the other stuff can t get a sound quality .

			pos: every time , the other stuff can t get a sound quality .

1927: neg:	i bought it quit after num_num years of use with great care in handling it . 

			neg: i bought it after num_num times and used it , too large for it down .

			pos: i bought it after num_num years of them and i want to hold it after .

1928: pos:	very durable and the price is much better than buying from a phone store or mall kiosk . 

			neg: very durable and the price is much better than i m a num_num to be fine ! .

			pos: very durable and the price is much better than i m a num_num to be fine ! .

1929: neg:	the replacement arrived and died after only two uses . 

			neg: the battery came wrong and it she didn t tried .

			pos: the battery came wrong and it she didn t tried .

1930: pos:	it is nothing exceptional ,  but is adequate and services its purpose well . 

			neg: it looks that does , so is just as well ! it works off .

			pos: it looks that does , so is just as well ! it works off .

1931: neg:	with a little pressure the gun would slide into the holster but pulling it out was nearly impossible . 

			neg: with a little bit of this is the back on the screen protector i needed to use both .

			pos: with a little bit of this is the back on the screen protector i used it a few hours .

1932: neg:	in the garbage now !  don t waste your money !  !  !  . 

			neg: in the price ? now . don t waste your money and ! ! .

			pos: in the price ? now . . don t waste your money and ! ! .

1933: neg:	the uneven seams irritated my face after num_num minutes in the pool . 

			neg: the characters and the day and it worked fine in any fine .

			pos: the handles , but after the num_extend several minutes to the filter .

1934: pos:	this very heavy duty juicer did a great job for me with lemons ,  oranges ,  and small grapefruit . 

			neg: it is heavy and the two months , is not for me , with a long money , etc .

			pos: it great small and it is a screen .

1935: pos:	they love them and they seem to fit well . 

			neg: they love them and they seem to fit well .

			pos: they love them and they seem to fit well .

1936: neg:	i like strong black coffee ,  and i do like illy brand coffe . 

			neg: i like ice cream is fine , so i had a much like others .

			pos: i can use a few minutes , because they re looking .

1937: pos:	use a plastic spatula to scrape off remains . 

			neg: and it is nice to like num_num bit , .

			pos: and it is nice to use an excellent .

1938: pos:	a screen button appears on the left if you want to use the dimming num_extend

			neg: a screen protector to the device had to add it for a lot better .

			pos: a screen protector doesn t hold this if you really like it for a long .

1939: neg:	will sigma win more customers if they do ?  yes . 

			neg: will probably be , so you try any products , .

			pos: will probably be , so you try any products , .

1940: pos:	i would prefer it on the motor housing . 

			neg: i would suggest you set it a problem are on .

			pos: i would suggest you set it a problem are on .

1941: neg:	 if you never had the older version ,  this one might not frustrate you as much as it does me . 

			neg: if it had not had one , i wasn t a way about this , but but it does not .

			pos: if it had not had one , i wasn t a way for those , but i just got the store .

1942: neg:	do you have to have skill to use this ?  nope . 

			neg: do you have to have to install with this is made on .

			pos: do you have to have to cook when you really disappointed .

1943: neg:	they do not allow you to cancel your account online ,  you have to call their customer service line . 

			neg: they do not want any difference while , more of it . . . . . it is not a lot better .

			pos: they re supposed to make it through and don t do to see it s probably a lot better .

1944: pos:	the best thing about this tool is the ruler embossed on one side . 

			neg: the best i can i don t like num_num times of the one of it .

			pos: the best i can i don t use size of getting it a second fit .

1945: neg:	in the end i was taken care of and the new hat it just fine for my head . 

			neg: the bag for it would be as many of the back and it is had a while .

			pos: the bag for it would be glad , they just in num_num times , they received off .

1946: pos:	a recording informs you of your battery level once activated with your phone . 

			neg: a refund , you can fit me and it all what you look fine .

			pos: a refund , you can fit me and it all what you look fine .

1947: pos:	it s pretty heavy and bulky on the sides too . 

			neg: it s very large enough and doesn t fit well .

			pos: it s very large enough and doesn t fit well .

1948: pos:	the box is nice ,  but it s not for storing the knives after use . 

			neg: the box is nice , but it s not looking for use it at first .

			pos: the box is nice , but it s not to use as i needed in them .

1949: neg:	the sounds are great ,  but the wear and tear are not . 

			neg: the taste was really nice for , it works great should nothing .

			pos: the controls are great , and it does work good you look .

1950: pos:	but on this one ,  both outlets are putting out enough wattage for the tablet . 

			neg: but on this unit is still worth a few or something with a few times .

			pos: but on this unit is still worth a few or something with a few times .

1951: pos:	my bodyglove case deteriated after the year . this case fits perfectly and protects the phone . 

			neg: my phone like it was over it when it was a nice phone and it does .

			pos: my phone on and it was it on my phone is my phone and fit .

1952: neg:	i like most of campbells soups and this was a huge disappointment . 

			neg: i like a review is supposed to as others was an excellent .

			pos: i like a review is supposed to as others was an excellent .

1953: neg:	not the manufacturers fault as purina makes great products . 

			neg: not can t once this is a big good are .

			pos: some the item makes . i m nice less better .

1954: pos:	this battery on this bluetooth last a looonngg time and i enjoy it everyday . 

			neg: got this battery on amazon and it was just for it before its .

			pos: got this battery on amazon and it was just for it before its .

1955: pos:	i have made about eight loaves since i got it ,  and every one came out fine . 

			neg: i have to be so what i saw it as i use the num_num months in both .

			pos: i have to be so what i saw it as i use the num_num months in both .

1956: neg:	after every washed started to make like spots and straight lines of white . 

			neg: after each use it can hold it about a heavy use a lot easier .

			pos: after each use it keeps to make for a few hours of water .

1957: neg:	the graphics are crap  !  and the story is just not interistting . 

			neg: the sound that is too , but the sound is not another .

			pos: the sound that is too , but the sound is not another .

1958: neg:	i looked at it for a long time ,  i never found a clear explanation of what it actually is . 

			neg: we last forever and it in and i use it is not worth the other one , it is not .

			pos: we last forever and it in and i use it is not worth the other one , it is not .

1959: neg:	i was simply being honest about how this product didn t work for me . 

			neg: i was all the reason again , i had the original num_num hours .

			pos: i was all the reason about and it has ever a num_num for me .

1960: neg:	it s faintly berry flavored ,  but mostly i got burning acid taste from it . 

			neg: it s tastes like and not as we have a few people look in me .

			pos: it s tastes like num_num , but it was buying the or num_num of the store .

1961: neg:	i lost vertical comfort because of strong pressure ,  if that makes sense . 

			neg: it came wrong but a lot of that , and you can say flavor .

			pos: it came wrong but a lot of that , and you can say flavor .

1962: neg:	i tried them out because they were a good price but i wouldn t buy them again . 

			neg: i tried them out that i couldn t work as other than one i will recommend them .

			pos: i tried them out because they d be ok and i was not about it .

1963: neg:	i ordered both the ruffies clear contractor bags as well as these from amazon . 

			neg: i did love the back in my num_num works , but this works okay .

			pos: i did love the back in my num_num and love the price , but only .

1964: pos:	i ve had this for a year and a half and it hasn t failed . 

			neg: i ve had this for a few months and didn t work on the other .

			pos: i ve had this for a few years just a week and it comes .

1965: pos:	this is a very good option for protection . 

			neg: this is a very good ones as large .

			pos: this is a very good ones as large .

1966: pos:	i bought this product based on the reviews . 

			neg: i bought this product based on the reviews .

			pos: i bought this product based on the reviews .

1967: pos:	i bought this blender about num_num years ago and had to replace the coupling just into the num_extend year . 

			neg: i bought this lasted about a few years so i didn t hold one to replace a full charge num_extend

			pos: i bought this lasted about a few years so i didn t hold one to replace a full charge num_extend

1968: neg:	cheap chinese pos cooks good burgers and gives you lung cancer to boot . 

			neg: good things are the num_extend and good thing to look for my taste .

			pos: good things are the num_extend and good thing to look for my taste .

1969: neg:	there is no keyboard reference sheet ,  and there are at least num_num commands to memorize and use . 

			neg: there is not very , it was easy to work better than it and even a good results .

			pos: there is not very impressed , it is very pleased to be used for num_num months .

1970: pos:	i don t have an isi brand whipped cream dispenser either . 

			neg: i don t have an older fan and it is more .

			pos: i don t have an older review or product and not too .

1971: neg:	obviously ,  this does not work for me ,  which should be no surprise as not much does . 

			neg: unfortunately , it just , but there is so it is a little more than the price .

			pos: unfortunately , it just , but there is so it is a little more than the price .

1972: neg:	i love roasted seaweed and can eat pack after pack but the wasabi kind is not good . 

			neg: i guess i m a couple things didn t use it just but this is a really good .

			pos: i love a much cable and it to one but it was not a little good .

1973: pos:	i received my pitcher a little over a week ago . 

			neg: i received my second up a nice set num_num times .

			pos: i received my second up a nice set num_num times .

1974: neg:	at the two month mark ,  the earpiece cracked and the earbud fell off . 

			neg: at the two weeks to read the screen and it didn t hold coffee .

			pos: within two even have a few times any a good case out , it great .

1975: pos:	i m very clumsy and drop my cell phone all the time . 

			neg: i m very inexpensive and the phone , and it also fit .

			pos: i m very inexpensive and the phone , and it also fit .

1976: pos:	i m glad to have this  sure miss city life  and recommend it . 

			neg: i m as they have an issue i want num_num and wear them .

			pos: i m as they have an issue i want num_extend and needed it .

1977: pos:	usually carry around my neck or wrap up and store in briefcase . the quality is crystal clear . 

			neg: then fits in all at the dishwasher very long , but can t feel the screen protector ! .

			pos: then fits in its little well to work fine , at the top is a bad price .

1978: pos:	this is very nice ,  it s not slippery and it fits well in my hands . 

			neg: this is very nice , it s not dry , but it fits well in it .

			pos: this is very nice , it s not dry , but it fits well in it .

1979: neg:	this case is really beautifully designed  ,  but is poorly made for durability . 

			neg: this case is pretty well don t work , but and more like .

			pos: this case is pretty well don t work , but great things looking .

1980: neg:	when they opened it ,  every single one of the bowls had the handle broken off . 

			neg: when they use the day , and it will just got a lot of a better .

			pos: when they use the unit and he should get a set and had some a screen .

1981: pos:	when i was little my grandma had one in her kitchen that i would stare at during meals . 

			neg: when i was a single set of one and i have to be using several years out and .

			pos: when i was a single set of one and i have to num_num years of it for work .

1982: neg:	for me ,  this purchase was money wasted .  .  . lesson learned . 

			neg: for me , this i was now , but it is .

			pos: for me , i got amazon , price that would fit well .

1983: neg:	the price was not great for how poor of a product this is . 

			neg: the price was not great for how high this is the second machine .

			pos: the price was not great for what is a game , this is .

1984: pos:	the larger one is good for applesauce etc . 

			neg: the size which isn t and but another sturdy .

			pos: the size which isn off and wish you too fine .

1985: pos:	i have no way to measure that ,  so decide who you want to trust . most car chargers are only num_extend

			neg: i have no way to know , but that they are an issue , but i m not that works better .

			pos: i have no way to know , but that they are an issue , but that it s just good ! .

1986: pos:	it looks constructed beautifully and should last for years . 

			neg: it looks quickly . . and didn t recommend this and .

			pos: it looks quickly . . and didn t recommend this and .

1987: pos:	new trent comes to my rescue once more . 

			neg: more uses to get my husband at all it .

			pos: more uses to get my husband at all it .

1988: neg:	the material is soooooo cheap as well as the stitching holding out together . 

			neg: the color is made , but good as it right off or down .

			pos: the quality is not so fine , but my iphone up in your store .

1989: neg:	be advised this fits somewhat loose on a num_extend  hercules  case is a close fit but not perfect . 

			neg: sometimes don t feel on the num_num minutes , the battery is over a bit , but the screen .

			pos: sometimes don t feel on the num_num minutes , the battery is over a bit , but the screen .

1990: neg:	i was shocked that i didn t even have to swithch back and forth to deside which were better . 

			neg: i was surprised about this and it will just used to be a few uses they work for better .

			pos: i was surprised about it was able to go at a little people and they d be used and .

1991: pos:	it s easy to use ,  easy to clean ,  and doesn t take up too much space . 

			neg: it s easy to use , easy to clean , and doesn t look at all or too .

			pos: it s easy to use , easy to clean , and doesn t look at all or too .

1992: neg:	mine died a few weeks ago ,  and i replaced it with a logitech ultrax keyboard . 

			neg: he was the num_num months ago , since it works like it could be both .

			pos: broke once a new case and several times , they ve been a few seconds .

1993: pos:	tomorrow ,  i m picking a few bushels of tomatoes for sauce and juice !  . 

			neg: needless , and it is good in less than i use a very long hair .

			pos: needless , and it is good in less than i use a very long hair .

1994: neg:	if it didn t hurt i would have kept it . 

			neg: if it didn t dont have bought the problem only .

			pos: if it didn t have good i have the last .

1995: pos:	it certains keeps from screen free from dirt and as well scratches . 

			neg: it comes off just great enough to be perfect and as well .

			pos: it comes off just great enough to be perfect and as well .

1996: neg:	did everything possible to get it to work ,  but no go . 

			neg: both it is with the way to use and will be done .

			pos: both it is with the way to use and will be done .

1997: neg:	the smell is overpowering and it gives me headaches . 

			neg: the taste has worked fine with this is no purchase .

			pos: the taste has worked fine with this is no purchase .

1998: neg:	design of this ge filter at the outset . 

			neg: don t believe the charger at a problem .

			pos: don t believe the charger at a problem .

1999: pos:	they do scratch easily ,  but that doesn t matter . 

			neg: they do its hard to use because not have in .
			pos: they do its hard to use because not have in .

