0: neg:	So there is no way for me to plug it in here in the US unless I go by a converter.	 

			neg: there is two , no way for me to see it didn t expect a lot of looking forward to store .

			pos: there is two , no way for me to see it didn t want to order a lot for a more .

1: pos:	Good case, Excellent value.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

2: pos:	Great for the jawbone.	 

			neg: as how will just . on .

			pos: as how will just . on .

3: neg:	Tied to charger for conversations lasting more than 45 minutes.MAJOR PROBLEMS!!	 

			neg: plug at this , but needed to be looking new product too .

			pos: plug at this , but needed to be looking new product too .

4: pos:	The mic is great.	 

			neg: as there are one is .

			pos: fine i really isn .

5: neg:	I have to jiggle the plug to get it to line up right to get decent volume.	 

			neg: those like you just like it into the lot of it , look a lot from it .

			pos: those like you just like it to the lid with a lot of power on the food .

6: neg:	If you have several dozen or several hundred contacts, then imagine the fun of sending each of them one by one.	 

			neg: none of it s for several hours or it is two of their reviews at a lot of all times .

			pos: of these on them , he s at all of it and they could be just a lot of num_extend .

7: pos:	If you are Razr owner...you must have this!	 

			neg: comes out however taste had a problem should .

			pos: comes out however taste had a problem should .

8: neg:	Needless to say, I wasted my money.	 

			neg: to love an extra time this is .

			pos: to love an extra time this is .

9: neg:	What a waste of money and time!.	 

			neg: a family of quality in and other .

			pos: a family of quality in and other .

10: pos:	And the sound quality is great.	 

			neg: my really don t very good product .

			pos: my really don t clean reviews should .

11: pos:	He was very impressed when going from the original battery to the extended battery.	 

			neg: all i am just for my ear and it didn a little reason it .

			pos: my num_extend works like and will last a few times on an excellent .

12: neg:	If the two were seperated by a mere 5+ ft I started to notice excessive static and garbled sound from the headset.	 

			neg: not after two different reviews to hold and it s one of up at all of the num_num months , etc .

			pos: the num_num month should be christmas , easy to give it a num_num months of them to be a great phone .

13: pos:	Very good quality though	 

			neg: as good out however , .

			pos: as good away , .

14: neg:	The design is very odd, as the ear "clip" is not very comfortable at all.	 

			neg: don t work nice and did not use the coffee is too bad at all .

			pos: don t work nice and did not use the coffee is too bad at all .

15: pos:	Highly recommend for any one who has a blue tooth phone.	 

			neg: going for those of them had a second size and should .

			pos: going for those of them had a second size and should .

16: neg:	I advise EVERYONE DO NOT BE FOOLED!	 

			neg: looked like their num_extend version of them great purchase .

			pos: looked like their num_extend version of them great .

17: pos:	So Far So Good!.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

18: pos:	Works great!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

19: neg:	It clicks into place in a way that makes you wonder how long that mechanism would last.	 

			neg: then the pan takes in a lot of course , they are not , better than this is .

			pos: then the pan takes in a lot , it is more than you are good product for .

20: neg:	I went on Motorola's website and followed all directions, but could not get it to pair again.	 

			neg: needed an issue and it works fine and just didn t need of it based on all on .

			pos: needed an issue and it works fine and just didn t need of it based on all on .

21: pos:	I bought this to use with my Kindle Fire and absolutely loved it!	 

			neg: but it s for making it with my husband is so it was useless .

			pos: but it s for making it with my cell phone works for it num_extend

22: neg:	The commercials are the most misleading.	 

			neg: and it really has a company .

			pos: and it really has a company .

23: pos:	I have yet to run this new battery below two bars and that's three days without charging.	 

			neg: none of them for the problem num_num stars and it worked great .

			pos: none of them for the problem num_num stars and it worked great .

24: neg:	I bought it for my mother and she had a problem with the battery.	 

			neg: needed for this week and it was used as some this thing out .

			pos: needed for this week and it was used as some this thing out .

25: pos:	Great Pocket PC / phone combination.	 

			neg: and it really liked my num_extend

			pos: and it really liked my num_extend

26: pos:	I've owned this phone for 7 months now and can say that it's the best mobile phone I've had.	 

			neg: replaced my husband for it was great , so many months . . . . the other larger one of num_extend

			pos: replaced my husband for it was great , so many months . . . . the other smaller one of them is awesome .

27: neg:	I didn't think that the instructions provided were helpful to me.	 

			neg: has better so the product is who needs num_num of them .

			pos: of bluetooth pans , this is not that about num_num of .

28: neg:	People couldnt hear me talk and I had to pull out the earphone and talk on the phone.	 

			neg: both of them , num_num cups . . it s to be a set up to replace it .

			pos: both of them , but looks so you had a lot at a lot of time on them .

29: neg:	Doesn't hold charge.	 

			neg: in and will really handle .

			pos: in and will really handle .

30: neg:	This is a simple little phone to use, but the breakage is unacceptible.	 

			neg: s nice is a little easier and it really has a few .

			pos: s nice is a little easier and it really has a few .

31: pos:	This product is ideal for people like me whose ears are very sensitive.	 

			neg: unfortunately , so the good idea they have better and not very more .

			pos: unfortunately , so the good idea they have better and not very more .

32: neg:	It is unusable in a moving car at freeway speed.	 

			neg: usually don t be a fine charge so long the new .

			pos: note are a charge a small iphone at num_num times .

33: neg:	I have two more years left in this contract and I hate this phone.	 

			neg: didn t recommend having a few times to it is a year ago with .

			pos: the new try a month or one set of num_extend and liked it .

34: pos:	Car charger as well as AC charger are included to make sure you never run out of juice.Highy recommended	 

			neg: getting coffee as i m happy and it just can t seem to try it to make num_num hours .

			pos: got great as i use and handle that will not be able to have to keep going to me .

35: neg:	You need at least 3 mins to get to your phone book from the time you first turn on the phone.Battery life is short.	 

			neg: will be for and they don t take to turn in half of it , but the best of the size and did .

			pos: will be for and they can t hold it , out of the phone in one , i didn t like a new screen .

36: pos:	It has kept up very well.	 

			neg: has worked on very great there .

			pos: has worked on very great there .

37: neg:	Poor Talk Time Performance.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

38: pos:	The case is great and works fine with the 680.	 

			neg: this is great and was very long as it makes .

			pos: this is great and was very long as it makes .

39: neg:	worthless product.	 

			neg: my skin you really didn price .

			pos: my skin you really didn price .

40: pos:	It has a great camera thats 2MP, and the pics are nice and clear with great picture quality.	 

			neg: this is great in the num_extend was really like the very fine , and looks like some .

			pos: this is great in the num_extend was really like the very fine , and looks nice with .

41: neg:	I was not impressed by this product.	 

			neg: usually this is almost with a review .

			pos: usually this is almost with a review .

42: pos:	Nice headset priced right.	 

			neg: as i really liked my .

			pos: as i really liked my .

43: neg:	I only hear garbage for audio.	 

			neg: usually it was made after reviews .

			pos: usually it was made after reviews .

44: pos:	Excellent bluetooth headset.	 

			neg: as i really only plus .

			pos: my other they just one but . . . . .

45: pos:	It has all the features I want	 

			neg: has worked , the sound that can .

			pos: has worked , the sound that can .

46: neg:	Who in their right mind is gonna buy this battery?.	 

			neg: for the no way i m very for this thing more .

			pos: for the screen way it and was to have ever expensive .

47: neg:	AFTER ARGUING WITH VERIZON REGARDING THE DROPPED CALLS WE RETURNED THE PHONES AFTER TWO DAYS.	 

			neg: galaxy num_extend of problems and only a lot that only num_num months of it num_extend

			pos: switch works like some other day and would make cooking product and two times .

48: pos:	This case seems well made.	 

			neg: as there are a iphone out .

			pos: as there are a iphone out .

49: neg:	Disappointed with battery.	 

			neg: my many you really last .

			pos: my many you really last .

50: neg:	Not loud enough and doesn't turn on like it should.	 

			neg: dont hold and works in your gift if it didn t .

			pos: dont hold and works in a month of it on shipping .

51: pos:	good protection and does not make phone too bulky.	 

			neg: good feel and not the screen comes at all .

			pos: good feel and not the screen comes at all .

52: pos:	A usable keyboard actually turns a PDA into a real-world useful machine instead of just a neat gadget.	 

			neg: there was pretty excited to the screen protector from the fact that makes a few of an excellent .

			pos: there was pretty excited to the screen protector from the fact that makes a few of an excellent .

53: pos:	This phone is pretty sturdy and I've never had any large problems with it.	 

			neg: uses a very sturdy screen protectors and have been going to make it away .

			pos: uses a very sturdy screen protectors and have been going to make it away .

54: pos:	I love this thing!	 

			neg: as i definitely the price .

			pos: as i definitely the price .

55: pos:	Everything about it is fine and reasonable for the price i.e.	 

			neg: nothing like about a few months and don t order and .

			pos: sometimes i can work as a few , so this does work .

56: neg:	VERY DISAPPOINTED.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

57: pos:	I even dropped this phone into a stream and it was submerged for 15 seconds and it still works great!	 

			neg: needed it and it gets a full addition and it worked as it was very pleased with num_extend battery .

			pos: needed it and it didn t feel easy for my iphone and it s good one and it worked well .

58: pos:	I have been very happy with the 510 and have had NO complaints from any one regarding my sound quality on their end.	 

			neg: didn t know it worked , even on amazon , only had a lot of num_num times , it would be able to install .

			pos: didn t know it worked , with my new one of these to the phone , but i really can have a charm .

59: neg:	The buttons for on and off are bad.	 

			neg: not and like it at a good look .

			pos: not and like it at a good look .

60: neg:	Essentially you can forget Microsoft's tech support.	 

			neg: can love any of and give up .

			pos: can love any of and i really .

61: pos:	I really recommend this faceplates since it looks very nice, elegant and cool.	 

			neg: really liked them ? i got all them and looks forward , but either .

			pos: those really use that it s right and still made a few hours .

62: pos:	These headphones were a great find - and I think they are perhaps the best purchase I've made in the last several years - seriously.	 

			neg: these measuring cups of now , which is three weeks , and they have a new one . . . . . . they had a week .

			pos: these measuring cups of now , which is three weeks , and they have a new one . . . . . . . they had a week .

63: neg:	Buy a different phone - but not this.	 

			neg: all had a very good thing worked right .

			pos: all had a very good thing worked right .

64: neg:	You have to hold the phone at a particular angle for the other party to hear you clearly.	 

			neg: comes with a cover up at a product and do not like a num_num for something .

			pos: comes with a cover up to install and have an excellent results for more of it .

65: neg:	The one big drawback of the MP3 player is that the buttons on the phone's front cover that let you pause and skip songs lock out after a few seconds.	 

			neg: but the more part is any was a lot of them , but it doesn t just the screen protector for it s pretty long for a month all .

			pos: but the more part is any good thing up , and it doesn t not get a few times and they can t look at the phone for me .

66: neg:	A week later after I activated it, it suddenly died.	 

			neg: both like these at first two weeks of it home .

			pos: both like these at first two weeks of it home .

67: pos:	It feels more comfortable than most headsets because I wear glasses and that gets in the way sometimes.	 

			neg: there is easy for more like one was that that and it is not a set in .

			pos: each piece is better than the price was using that work and have a bit looking on .

68: pos:	Great for iPODs too.	 

			neg: as many not wanted as you last if but .

			pos: as many bad one but .

69: pos:	This device is great in several situations:1.)	 

			neg: of mine is a long got me .

			pos: of she also easy in that broke right .

70: neg:	Mic Doesn't work.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

71: neg:	Even in my BMW 3 series which is fairly quiet, I have trouble hearing what the other person is saying.	 

			neg: within a problem and this is really has better , but they could not have a different item ! ! .

			pos: within a problem and this is really has better , but they could not have a different item ! ! .

72: pos:	Great choice!	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

73: pos:	Nice docking station for home or work.	 

			neg: picked up because to work well in better .

			pos: picked up because to work well in better .

74: pos:	This is a beautiful phone.	 

			neg: and the good size .

			pos: and the good size .

75: pos:	Love this product.	 

			neg: my product they just this protector . if .

			pos: my product they just this protector . if .

76: neg:	Do Not Buy for D807...wrongly advertised for D807.	 

			neg: usually have long as two of years .

			pos: usually have long as two of years .

77: pos:	This is a great little item.	 

			neg: is a num_num cup makes me .

			pos: is a num_num cup makes me .

78: pos:	I love this phone , It is very handy and has a lot of features .	 

			neg: although it works has my hair is very pleased , and a part should keep .

			pos: although it works has my hair is very pleased , and a part should keep .

79: neg:	I purchased this and within 2 days it was no longer working!!!!!!!!!	 

			neg: had my husband , after num_num weeks , it worked just me .

			pos: had my husband , after num_num weeks , it worked just me .

80: pos:	I wear it everyday and it holds up very well.	 

			neg: nothing like my iphone num_extend while you really very well fit .

			pos: nothing like my iphone num_extend while you really very well fit .

81: neg:	Not a good bargain.	 

			neg: as a new stuff is .

			pos: as a new stuff is .

82: pos:	Well packaged, arrived on time, and works as intended.	 

			neg: not use this case at all and was disappointed .

			pos: not use this case at all years and item .

83: neg:	The battery runs down quickly.	 

			neg: was not even my sound .

			pos: was not even my sound .

84: neg:	This item worked great, but it broke after 6 months of use.	 

			neg: although only worked and it was getting it after num_num months of .

			pos: one works so the num_num times i have used my num_num cup .

85: pos:	The headsets are easy to use and everyone loves them.	 

			neg: these are nice for cleaning , so loves it works .

			pos: these cups , easy things and came well so this is .

86: pos:	This phone works great.	 

			neg: my works really this works .

			pos: my works really this works right . . .

87: neg:	The construction of the headsets is poor.	 

			neg: is on all of this new is .

			pos: beautiful thing is to the other good problem .

88: pos:	Product was excellent and works better than the verizon one and Boy was it cheaper!	 

			neg: my num_num good price are and needed this is in one and only one .

			pos: my num_num good price are good for them from the battery was a new product .

89: pos:	The phone loads super!	 

			neg: as all they just however .

			pos: as all they just however .

90: neg:	For a product that costs as much as this one does, I expect it to work far better and with greater ease than this thing does.	 

			neg: plus it , but was , so this , i didn t work with a new num_num bucks and they won t be using this .

			pos: a review is for what is as it s as i could be going to use and they were just for me in this .

91: pos:	Made very sturdy.	 

			neg: my hair they just just . . .

			pos: my hair they just just . . .

92: pos:	Worked great!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

93: neg:	The ear buds only play music in one ear.	 

			neg: player is nothing . it is been perfect for the only .

			pos: player is nothing . it is been perfect for the .

94: neg:	Dont waste your money...	 

			neg: fine if some is you .

			pos: fine if some sound like .

95: pos:	Will order from them again!	 

			neg: as it really for me .

			pos: as it really for me .

96: neg:	If you plan to use this in a car forget about it.	 

			neg: don t used them in using a case with a new house .

			pos: don t used them in using a case with a few people .

97: neg:	I found this product to be waaay too big.	 

			neg: nothing because of it had high be working wrong .

			pos: nothing that this one to use real num_num made .

98: pos:	Best I've found so far .... I've tried 2 other bluetooths and this one has the best quality (for both me and the listener) as well as ease of using.	 

			neg: getting num_num stars ! s num_num stars ! . . . . . . the good one was the phone has worked like it and a few times and it s great .

			pos: getting num_num stars ! s num_num stars ! . . . . . . . the good one was the phone has needed a few times and it s a few times .

99: neg:	I'm very disappointed with my decision.	 

			neg: and there worked when using all .

			pos: and there worked when using all .

100: pos:	Integrated seamlessly with the Motorola RAZR phone.	 

			neg: and it will be using the num_extend

			pos: and it will be using the num_extend

101: neg:	Buyer Beware, you could flush money right down the toilet.	 

			neg: perhaps you ll order the num_extend and get the screen .

			pos: perhaps you ll order the num_extend and get the screen .

102: pos:	Definitely a bargain.	 

			neg: my , something just also .

			pos: my , something just also .

103: pos:	The price was very good and with the free shipping and all it was a good purchase.	 

			neg: amazon is so great , and he made the very good product and it was great , .

			pos: unfortunately works well and is a month ? well , he is the good one good .

104: neg:	I received my supposedly new motorola 375 and apparently there was not a match between the phone and the charger.	 

			neg: my husband went on amazon is num_num stars , and it is not a day and a little one .

			pos: my husband gave it and the other num_num stars , but the screen protector , it is a full charge .

105: pos:	Pros:-Good camera - very nice pictures , also has cool styles like black and white, and more.	 

			neg: although not very fast is in a phone , this is not a few months , etc .

			pos: although not very fast is in a phone , this is not fine , and works fine .

106: neg:	That's a huge design flaw (unless I'm not using it correctly, which I don't think is the case).	 

			neg: tea game is just all of it was trying to give it is good for the money .

			pos: tea game is just a single problem is i had to say this is good for the price .

107: pos:	I love my 350 headset.. My Jabra350 bluetooth headset is great, the reception is very good and the ear piece is a comfortable fit.	 

			neg: once i m not my daughter is that it was just great , they was really great , and a great size .

			pos: although it works also using it and was really said it is great , but is very good in a bit good .

108: neg:	The camera, although rated at an impressive 1.3 megapixels, renders images that fall well below expectations of such a relatively high resolution.	 

			neg: my new measuring cups when you are num_num of the num_num stars and i m going to be a high control stuff .

			pos: didn t work , so an hour of num_num minutes . . . . that s not a great number of measuring cups of us .

109: neg:	I purcashed this for the car charger and it does not work.	 

			neg: usually have as to replace my iphone phone , it should be .

			pos: usually have as to replace my iphone phone , it should be .

110: pos:	Sound quality on both end is excellent, I use headset to call my wife and ask my wife to use headset to call me !2.	 

			neg: plus it is the num_num times , but they really has owned as it s as long , but it worked like it up .

			pos: plus it is a new day , two years . . . and has had it is and it s a couple of them for them .

111: pos:	This phone is slim and light and the display is beautiful.	 

			neg: nothing is as nice and is easy it is a good .

			pos: its rubber which is great fine , and the sound life .

112: pos:	its a little geeky but i think thats its sex on toast and it rocks and oozes sex right down to its battery embedded sleek stylish leather case.	 

			neg: its a little but was what i can use and it s not a bit and it was not at the screen and it worked fine .

			pos: not a few days the item is with it , and it just needed and it didn t look great . . . . . . and it just a new phone .

113: pos:	Great product, fast shipping!.	 

			neg: my hair something just as .

			pos: my hair they just is .

114: pos:	Absolutely great.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

115: pos:	The keyboard is a nice compromise between a full QWERTY and the basic cell phone number keypad.	 

			neg: these is a nice addition and the little great , it is a couple of num_extend

			pos: those good pan is a little nicely and a lot of years and the screen protector .

116: neg:	i got this phone around the end of may and i'm completely unhappy with it.	 

			neg: i got this phone around the game may be a few weeks of them .

			pos: i got this phone around the game may be a few weeks of them .

117: pos:	It is very comfortable on the ear.	 

			neg: and not very comfortable like the battery .

			pos: and not very comfortable like the battery .

118: pos:	It has been a winner for us.	 

			neg: of love the whole knife for two .

			pos: of love the whole knife for two .

119: pos:	)Setup couldn't have been simpler.	 

			neg: and it will would like .

			pos: and it will would like .

120: pos:	I've tried several different earpieces for my cell phone and this Jabra one is the first one I've found that fits my ear comfortably.	 

			neg: he s at least it was good for a while this was a great one i thought it s just a num_num months .

			pos: both i use at all this , and was one of the iphone and this was a num_num times the num_num months .

121: neg:	Could not get strong enough signal.	 

			neg: not for some water for quality .

			pos: not for some water for quality .

122: pos:	Iam very pleased with my purchase.	 

			neg: and there at least this well .

			pos: and there at least this well .

123: neg:	Bad Quality.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

124: pos:	Gets the job done.	 

			neg: my , not just as . .

			pos: my , not just as . .

125: pos:	Great audio!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

126: neg:	Basically the service was very bad.	 

			neg: my own the works was different .

			pos: my own the works was different .

127: neg:	it did not work in my cell phone plug i am very up set with the charger!.	 

			neg: it did not work in my phone which it is still well to the day .

			pos: it did not work in my phone which it is still well to the day .

128: pos:	I've only had my bluetooth for a few weeks, but I really like it.	 

			neg: not only for this christmas and a new cord and they d be in .

			pos: not glad i had num_num times a gift and they d be a month .

129: neg:	The BT headset was such a disapoinment.	 

			neg: needed this is best came a really .

			pos: picked up this is wish the great .

130: pos:	It is so small and you don't even realize that it is there after a while of getting used to it.	 

			neg: that is very useful for them and it made , but it s just like to replace it up for me .

			pos: that is very useful for them and you are done , i bought a month to have to num_num times to me .

131: pos:	The accompanied software is almost brilliant.	 

			neg: and it may work first one too .

			pos: and it may work first one too .

132: pos:	Headset works great & was packaged nicely to avoid any damage.	 

			neg: were also and num_num times and the look of it out .

			pos: were also very years and didn t look a problem with your .

133: pos:	!I definitly recommend!!	 

			neg: my kitchen will just but .

			pos: my kitchen will just but .

134: neg:	Buyer--Be Very Careful!!!!!.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

135: neg:	The majority of the Logitech earbud headsets failed.	 

			neg: added this is to the old cast iron .

			pos: of she makes the same money for really have battery .

136: pos:	Very good stuff for the price.	 

			neg: and the other type of it off .

			pos: and the other type of it off .

137: pos:	My headset works just peachy-keen.	 

			neg: was even gave was not .

			pos: and i ended up was like not .

138: neg:	In my house I was getting dropped coverage upstairs and no coverage in my basement.	 

			neg: my needs and i didn t love use the num_num minutes and can charge the phone .

			pos: my needs and i didn t love use the num_num minutes for a bit of my iphone .

139: pos:	Voice recognition is tremendous!	 

			neg: as there are one is .

			pos: as there are one is .

140: neg:	What a waste.	 

			neg: my , something just also .

			pos: my , something just also .

141: neg:	During several different 2 minute calls, I experienced 5 drops and it was in an area that had 5 bars.	 

			neg: he s a couple of these works with a great one that it s a couple of a friend of them .

			pos: he s a couple of these works with a great one that it s a couple of a chance to use .

142: neg:	I was not happy with this item.	 

			neg: but all it was used it on life .

			pos: but all it was used it on life .

143: neg:	very disappointed.	 

			neg: well , not really but .

			pos: well , not really but .

144: neg:	The phone takes FOREVER to charge like 2 to 5 hours literally.	 

			neg: galaxy num_extend makes it to replace a even have a few things .

			pos: galaxy num_extend makes it to replace a even have a few things .

145: pos:	I got this phone on reccomendation from a relative and I'm glad I did.	 

			neg: didn t use this case right to be fine for a good bluetooth iphone .

			pos: didn t use this case right to be fine for a good bluetooth iphone .

146: neg:	What a waste of time!	 

			neg: fine of the smaller looking .

			pos: fine of the smaller looking .

147: neg:	Its reception is very very poor.	 

			neg: and there are great num_num seconds .

			pos: and there are great num_num seconds .

148: neg:	Items stated as included from the description ARE NOT INCLUDED.	 

			neg: hopefully this is and the size for the new camera .

			pos: hopefully this is and the size for the new camera .

149: neg:	After 3 months, screen just went black all of a sudden.	 

			neg: having is both an excellent num_extend player is a little issue .

			pos: having is no one and no really received a large stuff .

150: neg:	I Was Hoping for More.	 

			neg: and it really purchased , .

			pos: and it really purchased , .

151: neg:	Audio Quality is poor, very poor.	 

			neg: and it really good , nothing too .

			pos: and it really good , nothing too .

152: pos:	I had absolutely no problem with this headset linking to my 8530 Blackberry Curve!	 

			neg: perhaps it is able to try mine it has seen for a lot .

			pos: these cup of them only to have several times a lot for course .

153: pos:	I know that sounds funny, but to me it seemed like sketchy technology that wouldn't work well.Well, this one works great.	 

			neg: dont know that is right that comes out of one for these and it s just good for the other reviewers .

			pos: dont know that is right that comes out of one for these and it s just good for the other reviewers .

154: neg:	I've bought $5 wired headphones that sound better than these.	 

			neg: needed this works better than it works good more than .

			pos: needed this works better than it works good more than .

155: pos:	This phone is very fast with sending any kind of messages and web browsing is significantly faster than previous phones i have used.	 

			neg: my hair is really very happy to get it , is really good for the money , num_num star review .

			pos: my hair is really very happy to get it , is really good for the money and decided to order these .

156: pos:	Nice quality build, unlike some cheap s*** out there.	 

			neg: plus there is with a more num_extend to me .

			pos: plus there is with a more num_extend to me .

157: pos:	This item is fantastic and works perfectly!	 

			neg: otherwise i was great , works so not .

			pos: otherwise i was great , works so not .

158: pos:	And I just love the colors!	 

			neg: and it really was this up .

			pos: and it really was this up .

159: pos:	W810i is just SUPERB.	 

			neg: fine i really just times .

			pos: fine i really just times .

160: neg:	All I can do is whine on the Internet, so here it goes.The more I use the thing the less I like it.	 

			neg: please don t be able to wear it and will not know why i bought a lot of those on a new device .

			pos: please don t be able to use the old device that will be happy with this is a lot of using the colors .

161: pos:	Great charger.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

162: neg:	This is essentially a communications tool that does not communicate.	 

			neg: nothing is a like which should be this is terrible .

			pos: nothing is a like which should be this is terrible .

163: pos:	Works like a charm; it work the same as the one I got with the phone.	 

			neg: like is the num_num with the phone on amazon didn t like it over it .

			pos: like is the num_num with the phone on amazon didn t have a month on it .

164: neg:	I still maintain that monkeys shouldn't make headphones, we just obviously don't share enough DNA to copy the design over to humans.	 

			neg: num_extend it is about num_num of it is going to use the num_num cups , but not a lot of of times .

			pos: its smaller pans with one is going to do the num_num years , but not a lot of an hour .

165: pos:	Great Value.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

166: neg:	Doesn't work at all.. I bougth it for my L7c and its not working.	 

			neg: nothing but easy for about them , it didn t work as well .

			pos: nothing but easy for about them , it didn t work as well .

167: pos:	The look of it is very sharp and the screen is nice and clear, with great graphics.	 

			neg: not much like no sound and fits great , and the screen is num_num times .

			pos: not much like no sound and fits great , and the screen is num_num times .

168: neg:	doesn't last long.	 

			neg: my so i not just .

			pos: my so i not just .

169: neg:	One thing I hate is the mode set button at the side.	 

			neg: don t bought it is kind of times on water started looking .

			pos: don t bought it is kind of times into it is even in the .

170: pos:	EXCELLENT SERVICE!!!!!!!!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

171: neg:	Thank you for wasting my money.	 

			neg: , they had a week on , .

			pos: , they had a week on , .

172: neg:	How can that be?The audio quality is poor.	 

			neg: rather i feel much one is high reviews .

			pos: looking at all thing are quality was pretty .

173: pos:	The iGo chargers and tips are really great.	 

			neg: needed the husband and things are just really .

			pos: needed the husband and things are just really .

174: pos:	The file browser offers all the options that one needs.Handsfree is great.	 

			neg: hopefully it is pretty , this is not used this good color .

			pos: hopefully it is extremely like there is two times reviews , better .

175: pos:	Superb Phone on a Great Network.	 

			neg: and it didn t want one .

			pos: and it could be my product too .

176: pos:	I connected my wife's bluetooth,(Motorola HS850) to my phone and it worked like a charm whether the phone was in my pocket or the case.	 

			neg: both of this and it is into my iphone and it is , and it didn t feel a lot of each time .

			pos: both of using my screen protector with the phone and came with a bit , and it was a bit of the phone .

177: neg:	I put the latest OS on it (v1.15g), and it now likes to slow to a crawl and lock up every once in a while.	 

			neg: for the screen protector on it , and it s two months , and to be able to clean the num_num months of my iphone .

			pos: for the screen protector on it , several hours and it s just can be a few months to use in her phone .

178: neg:	It only recognizes the Phone as its storage device.	 

			neg: definitely have as some times and it works very .

			pos: definitely have as some times and it works very .

179: neg:	If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	 

			neg: unless you don t hold my skin , look an two , but he s perfect .

			pos: if not , making you don t be a while working . . . . but not a year s fine .

180: neg:	Don't buy this product.	 

			neg: when i will would bought on .

			pos: when i will would bought on .

181: neg:	I've had this bluetoooth headset for some time now and still not comfortable with the way it fits on the ear.	 

			neg: didn t think i used the day and he is so it is not in it in the same screen .

			pos: didn t think i used the day and he is so it is not in it in the same screen .

182: pos:	The sound quality is good and functionality is awesome.	 

			neg: there is nice was good small and there was great .

			pos: not good , is great and thought are nice .

183: neg:	I have this phone and it is a thorn in my side, I really abhor it.	 

			neg: the headphones arrived in my hair is it has a little on num_num star away .

			pos: the headphones arrived in my hair is it has a little for the num_num star away .

184: neg:	I recently had problems where I could not stay connected for more than 10 minutes before being disconnected.	 

			neg: gave it instead , i didn t make sure of num_num of num_extend to use about num_num times .

			pos: but not buying it was looking to have some num_num stars , too much for the num_num year .

185: pos:	Incredible!.	 

			neg: what its an than not but did .

			pos: what its an than not but not when . just if but the cord . but not didn t like but you just this but the just but you life .

186: neg:	Design Flaw?.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

187: pos:	Great phone!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

188: neg:	Waste of 13 bucks.	 

			neg: , but will just think you .

			pos: , this num_num of battery .

189: neg:	But when I check voice mail at night, the keypad backlight turns off a few seconds into the first message, and then I'm lost.	 

			neg: my own , i needed a month and will be done the phone , and didn t be a couple of them and .

			pos: my own , i needed a month and will be done the phone , and didn t hold up for a week .

190: neg:	The replacement died in a few weeks.	 

			neg: already said and got a great deal .

			pos: gave it is next easy for a replacement .

191: pos:	Any ring tone..Overall good phone to buy..	 

			neg: seemed easy it is and didn t made .

			pos: allows me , which is no charge .

192: pos:	Lately they have been extremely nice and helpful on the phone.	 

			neg: sometimes i get had a very sharp coffee using it can .

			pos: sometimes i have an hour , great and have been fine .

193: neg:	I have had problems wit hit dropping signal and more.	 

			neg: wouldn t have used it is some for coffee very .

			pos: rather i have had no problems , especially at all knife .

194: neg:	Not impressed.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

195: pos:	Light weight, I hardly notice it is there.	 

			neg: sometimes this is supposed to loved it is terrible .

			pos: needed the price , they didn t work product .

196: pos:	You'll love how thin it is.	 

			neg: now it , are using the screen .

			pos: now you cook and you should use .

197: neg:	Bad Choice.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

198: neg:	The pleather case doesn't fit.	 

			neg: as no reason , battery .

			pos: as no idea this is done .

199: neg:	useless phone, simply deaf.	 

			neg: and did not larger .

			pos: and probably not all .

200: pos:	The color is even prettier than I thought it would be, and the graphics are incredibly sharp.	 

			neg: although not sturdy and they would be like this item is not that no quality .

			pos: one is very pleased of them , but would have not good deal and not fun .

201: pos:	All in all I think it was a good investment.	 

			neg: needless to also , and i only a good coffee .

			pos: needless to also sharp , i wish was a great deal .

202: neg:	It makes very strange ticking noises before it ends the call.	 

			neg: those easy is made a month now it will protect my smell .

			pos: makes these and pretty short it works ever to the phone .

203: pos:	The best electronics of the available FM Transmitters.	 

			neg: amazon made one of all it might be .

			pos: amazon made one of all it may better .

204: neg:	Battery lasts only a few hours.	 

			neg: called this works not as very .

			pos: although they also lasted a better .

205: pos:	great headset, very impressed - H500.	 

			neg: great work the num_num years should .

			pos: great work the num_num years should .

206: pos:	The "1.2" mega pixel camera, being a part of a phone, is reasonably good7.	 

			neg: none of num_extend and it has some reviews of the coffee is pretty disappointed .

			pos: check up because there is able to read the a different one is much .

207: pos:	I've had this for nearly 2 years and it has worked great for me.	 

			neg: especially if i needed this and use this is getting a num_num days of num_extend

			pos: especially if i needed the years and came with a new phone is num_num times .

208: pos:	Good transmit audio.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

209: neg:	We are sending it back.	 

			neg: and it really liked it .

			pos: and will really find it .

210: neg:	I did not bother contacting the company for few dollar product but I learned the lesson that I should not have bought this form online anyway.	 

			neg: both would be the reason and it would be as that i m looking for the bad one of these . i ll give it up .

			pos: both would be able to purchase , num_num stars . . . . i m just had a fan of these than it s one for me .

211: neg:	If you hate earbugs, avoid this phone by all means.	 

			neg: dont have very disappointed on there is my high work .

			pos: dont have very disappointed on there is my high work .

212: pos:	Great price also!	 

			neg: as why those is battery .

			pos: as why definitely just as .

213: pos:	The range is very decent, I've been able to roam around my house with the phone in the living room with no reception/sound quality issues.	 

			neg: of works great , still looking at the lot of my face and it comes with a full of the num_num minutes out .

			pos: of works great , still looking at the lot of my face and it s on a bit of a lot at all .

214: pos:	fast service.	 

			neg: perfectly , they just just but .

			pos: perfectly , they just just .

215: pos:	I would highly recommend this.	 

			neg: my highly really ve more .

			pos: my highly really ve more .

216: pos:	I would recommend this.	 

			neg: as never really i are .

			pos: my highly really i are .

217: neg:	I also didn't like the "on" button, it felt like it would crack with use.	 

			neg: is it is a day it comes off because it doesn t make several people .

			pos: is it is a day it comes off because it doesn t make several people .

218: neg:	WORST PHONE EVER.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

219: pos:	I'm still infatuated with this phone.	 

			neg: he is the used before the issue .

			pos: he is the used before the issue .

220: neg:	Freezes frequently4.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

221: neg:	It's kind of embarrassing to use because of how it looks and mostly it's embarrassing how child-like the company is.	 

			neg: would be a much like this and how it s just a few hours of them that it does .

			pos: would be a much like this and how it s just a few hours of them that it does .

222: pos:	Simple, lightweight and great fit.	 

			neg: and the very good like worked right .

			pos: and the num_extend which little battery .

223: neg:	All in all, I'd expected a better consumer experience from Motorola.	 

			neg: in num_extend it might be perfect ! for some reviews life .

			pos: in num_extend it may work in and maybe another a better .

224: neg:	There's a horrible tick sound in the background on all my calls that I have never experienced before.	 

			neg: the num_extend is to the screen of the day , and it s two of this one ! .

			pos: the works great , the way and the two of the phone that s on it s perfect .

225: pos:	These are certainly very comfortable and functionality is decent.	 

			neg: not so simple and look and was a better .

			pos: not so simple , too good use a num_extend

226: pos:	I usually don't like headbands but this one is very lightweight & doesn't mess up my hair.	 

			neg: usually have great for this , which did not work great the screen protector for the dishwasher .

			pos: usually have great for this , which did not work great the screen protector for the dishwasher .

227: neg:	I'm a bit disappointed.	 

			neg: , the two great thing . . not .

			pos: , the two great thing . . just .

228: neg:	I have had this phone for over a year now, and I will tell you, its not that great.	 

			neg: not using this set and this is over and it s just for the num_num people would work .

			pos: not using this set and this is over and it s just for the num_num people would work .

229: neg:	I ordered this for sony Ericsson W810i but I think it only worked once (thats when I first used it).	 

			neg: but this battery i had num_num months , i d tried it and it was just for me for amazon .

			pos: but this battery i had num_num months , i d tried it and one . . . . so i just a year .

230: neg:	The battery is completely useless to me.	 

			neg: recently there was very difficult after more .

			pos: recently there was very difficult after more .

231: neg:	What a big waste of time.	 

			neg: and the large can think of me .

			pos: and the large can think of me .

232: neg:	Don't waste your $$$ on this one.	 

			neg: and you can all with this unit else .

			pos: and you can all with this unit else .

233: pos:	Great sound and service.	 

			neg: as no other part work .

			pos: my hair won a num_extend .

234: pos:	Really pleased with this product so far.	 

			neg: as they re like this replacement at what .

			pos: as they re like this replacement at what .

235: pos:	One of my favorite purchases ever.	 

			neg: within a problem is using me .

			pos: within a problem is using me .

236: pos:	best bluetooth on the market.	 

			neg: as far the same maker . can last in amazon .

			pos: as far the same maker .

237: pos:	Authentic leather with nice shine and comfort .I recommend you this case !!	 

			neg: sometimes like the num_extend pan too , so i not have a gift .

			pos: needed in phone , look good for me . . i had a problem .

238: pos:	I was very excited to get this headset because I thought it was really cute.	 

			neg: mine is great for you re the second year i love this is a new .

			pos: mine is great for you re the second year i love this is a new .

239: neg:	Do not make the same mistake as me.	 

			neg: not used the way not ever as fine .

			pos: not used the way not ever as fine .

240: neg:	Big Disappointment with calendar sync.	 

			neg: and it won t use .

			pos: and it won t use .

241: neg:	the phone was unusable and was not new.	 

			neg: the battery and the works good set sound .

			pos: the battery fits and was still an issue .

242: neg:	Worst Customer Service Ever.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

243: neg:	No additional ear gels provided, and no instructions whatsoever.	 

			neg: none are over them and the food works in me .

			pos: having great problem well and the num_extend great problems .

244: neg:	It defeats the purpose of a bluetooth headset.	 

			neg: sent , one of each reviews has worked .

			pos: sent , one of each reviews has worked .

245: pos:	Worth every penny.	 

			neg: my though will just was .

			pos: my though will just was .

246: pos:	Excellent wallet type phone case.	 

			neg: as no reason was nice .

			pos: as some uses is this great .

247: pos:	Nice headphones for the price and they work great!	 

			neg: perhaps they was like and it works at all . . . . . even .

			pos: needed this is for what is still used at .

248: neg:	Internet is excrutiatingly slow.	 

			neg: as no wish of its .

			pos: as no wish of its .

249: pos:	It is very comfortable to wear as well, which is probably the most important aspect about using a case.	 

			neg: looked light and made and it was just as that isn t looking forward to one of these life .

			pos: usually feels good enough to use my dog is one is one of those who like a new product .

250: pos:	It's fits like a glove and is strong, secure, and durable.	 

			neg: plug and the design , and looked like is num_num times .

			pos: plug and the pan , works great , but needed excellent .

251: pos:	O my gosh the best phone I have ever had.	 

			neg: although the phone with the battery is only on it .

			pos: although the phone with the battery is only on it .

252: pos:	It's very attractive and appears to be of good quality.	 

			neg: its little and and to may work of a better .

			pos: its little and and to may work of a better .

253: pos:	I love all the features and form factor.	 

			neg: these is my hair should be as long .

			pos: these is my hair should be as long .

254: neg:	This product had a strong rubber/petroleum smell that was unbearable after a while and caused me to return it	 

			neg: however to have a num_extend of them , and it was looking at all over it at it .

			pos: however to have a num_extend of them , and i didn t work , after num_num hours of it .

255: neg:	poor quality and service.	 

			neg: fine , one are fine .

			pos: fine , one are fine .

256: neg:	The cable looks so thin and flimsy, it is scary.	 

			neg: one look good and nothing sturdy for it is awesome .

			pos: getting screen is so easy , so it is not as .

257: pos:	Great Earpiece.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

258: pos:	Excellent hands free tool.	 

			neg: and it more good .

			pos: and it more good .

259: pos:	Great for using with your home stereo.	 

			neg: but to find how with no size . with .

			pos: but to find how with no size . with .

260: pos:	Good product - incredible value.	 

			neg: my husband they should was .

			pos: my husband they should was .

261: pos:	Only had this a month but it's worked flawlessly so far.	 

			neg: especially i can find two months but they really works for me .

			pos: especially i can find two months but they really works for me .

262: pos:	Works great.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

263: neg:	Absolutel junk.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

264: neg:	THAT one didn't work either.	 

			neg: as two are only sturdy .

			pos: as two are only sturdy .

265: pos:	Battery life is real good.	 

			neg: and the really good game are longer .

			pos: and the really good game are longer .

266: neg:	Returned 8 hours later.	 

			neg: my skin they just ok .

			pos: my skin they just ok .

267: pos:	It's a great item.	 

			neg: fine my really smaller case .

			pos: fine my really smaller case .

268: neg:	Don't waste your money!.	 

			neg: fine if some is you .

			pos: fine if some sound like .

269: pos:	Love this headset!	 

			neg: my product they just this protector . if .

			pos: my product they just this protector . if .

270: neg:	Not only will it drain your player, but may also potentially fry it.	 

			neg: usually it would go out of its size , but not a dog .

			pos: usually it would go out of its size , but not a new .

271: pos:	Worked perfectly!	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

272: neg:	Unreliable - I'm giving up.	 

			neg: and it really purchased is .

			pos: and it really purchased is .

273: pos:	I gave it 5 stars because of the sound quality.	 

			neg: gave it is on these reviews on the sound quality .

			pos: gave it is on these reviews on the sound quality .

274: neg:	Avoid this one if you can.	 

			neg: my daughter could have for the results .

			pos: my daughter could have for the results .

275: pos:	Reversible plug works great.	 

			neg: my husband they just was .

			pos: my husband they just was .

276: neg:	I wasted my little money with this earpiece.	 

			neg: gave it quality , num_num with this machine .

			pos: gave it quality , num_num with this machine .

277: pos:	Very good phone.	 

			neg: as why not was great . .

			pos: as well probably isn off . but one .

278: pos:	Best of all is the rotating feature, very helpful.	 

			neg: of num_extend of all the coffee they are great .

			pos: of num_extend of all the coffee they are great .

279: pos:	Comfort for our whole family.	 

			neg: and on their size .

			pos: and on some one of .

280: pos:	Good product, good seller.	 

			neg: as far some was , but just only .

			pos: as far some was , but just only .

281: pos:	I love this bluetooth!	 

			neg: as i definitely the price .

			pos: as i definitely the price .

282: neg:	First of all, it doesn't wear well.	 

			neg: especially with makes it only years out .

			pos: especially with makes it only years out .

283: pos:	I am very impressed with this headset from Plantronics.	 

			neg: everything is better for it was sure had a refund .

			pos: everything is better for it was sure had a refund .

284: pos:	I got it because it was so small and adorable.	 

			neg: getting it was this when so works a few expensive .

			pos: getting it was this when so works a few expensive .

285: pos:	Great phone!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

286: neg:	I wouldn't recommend buying this product.	 

			neg: once to try that i didn t . buy .

			pos: once to try that i didn t . buy .

287: neg:	Piece of Junk.	 

			neg: , it could just wish you .

			pos: as you really would feel . if .

288: neg:	Poorly contstruct hinge.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

289: pos:	This item is great, installed it, let it charged up overnite and it has been working good every since with no problems	 

			neg: unfortunately is bought both of it and it s back on my phone , and it s going to send it back .

			pos: one works , but its had no time to use the time and it s just a month with no problems ! .

290: pos:	Great Phone.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

291: neg:	Don't buy it.	 

			neg: when i really will bought .

			pos: when i really will bought .

292: pos:	Excellent Phone.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

293: neg:	DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PHONE.	 

			neg: and it really purchased all .

			pos: and it really purchased all .

294: pos:	The voice recognition thru the handset is excellent.	 

			neg: usually have great , it seems as good .

			pos: usually have great , it seems as good .

295: pos:	This is hands down the best phone I've ever had.	 

			neg: is used all right , it was no only purchase .

			pos: is used all right the product works all it only .

296: pos:	Works great, when my cat attacked the phone he scratched the protective strip instead of destroying the screen.	 

			neg: within others , it was a day every day and could make a few of their machine .

			pos: within others , it was the phone after a day and will taste of a new unit .

297: pos:	This one works and was priced right.	 

			neg: gave it is good as works forward .

			pos: gave it is good as works forward .

298: neg:	Customer service was terrible.	 

			neg: as far it is however .

			pos: as far the other case .

299: neg:	Battery life still not long enough in Motorola Razor V3i.	 

			neg: sometimes one is still made to fine for an old .

			pos: ended num_extend one and look different for the coffee made .

300: neg:	Sending it back.	 

			neg: my face you really ordered .

			pos: my though you just only .

301: pos:	Now I know that I made a wise decision.	 

			neg: not that use , they d be a refund .

			pos: not that use , they d be a refund .

302: pos:	Someone shouldve invented this sooner.	 

			neg: and it should replace this .

			pos: and it should replace this .

303: pos:	Good price.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

304: pos:	Everything worked on the first try.The device was certainly engineered in a clever way and the construction feels good.	 

			neg: needed a problem and the only one pan , but it s a little a bit of my hair .

			pos: needed a problem and the only one pan and it s a little stuff in the screen and .

305: pos:	I received it quickly and it works great!!	 

			neg: otherwise it arrived easy to use now there battery .

			pos: otherwise it arrived easy to use now there battery .

306: pos:	Has been working great.	 

			neg: my with not just used .

			pos: my with not just used .

307: neg:	As many people complained, I found this headset's microphone was very weak.	 

			neg: let s num_num people have good buy these over all num_num months .

			pos: let s num_num people have good buy these over all num_num months .

308: neg:	My 5-year old Nokia 2160 from Tracfone holds the charge a lot better than this.	 

			neg: not so this is two great for the water on the num_num of different than them .

			pos: not so this is two great for the water on the num_num of different than them .

309: neg:	They do not care about the consumer one bit.	 

			neg: nothing like some things i really on my num_extend .

			pos: there who look it about a problem num_num second .

310: pos:	This is a good battery, and it got here really fast.	 

			neg: usually has great and , just i tried this just num_num .

			pos: course is great for all months after i would really work .

311: neg:	The instruction manual is lacking.	 

			neg: as some other thing is .

			pos: as some other thing is .

312: pos:	Also its slim enough to fit into my alarm clock docking station without removing the case.	 

			neg: its looking at great in the look in my iphone and didn t take an hour .

			pos: its looking at great in the look in my iphone and didn t take an hour .

313: pos:	Phone now holds charge like it did when it was new.	 

			neg: iphone is done and it doesn t use it as amazon .

			pos: iphone is done and it doesn t use it as amazon .

314: neg:	The battery is unreliable as well as the service use antena.	 

			neg: not works as a few weeks , as it works terrible .

			pos: not works as a few weeks , although it was very .

315: neg:	It's uncomfortable and the sound quality is quite poor compared with the phone (Razr) or with my previous wired headset (that plugged into an LG).	 

			neg: sometimes , and the screen is not a large phone that it s a lot of them and got an hour of each time .

			pos: sometimes , and the screen is really has a lot and it s for a bit of them for the num_num times in the phone .

316: pos:	We have gotten a lot of compliments on it.	 

			neg: none of these in a lot of these came in .

			pos: none of it is the large to replace it .

317: pos:	This is definitely a must have if your state does not allow cell phone usage while driving.	 

			neg: s just is not like the game is any of all , and it worked perfectly .

			pos: s just is not like the game is any of all , and it worked perfectly .

318: neg:	I want my money back.	 

			neg: fine i want a price .

			pos: fine i want a price .

319: pos:	I love this device.	 

			neg: as i definitely the price .

			pos: as i definitely the price .

320: pos:	I am also very happy with the price.	 

			neg: these plastic and it works very on it , .

			pos: these plastic and it works very on it , .

321: neg:	I ordered this product first and was unhappy with it immediately.	 

			neg: gave it however this product and perfect since i make it again .

			pos: finally have this item as a good car i do it .

322: neg:	The Ngage is still lacking in earbuds.	 

			neg: having is all but he makes the results .

			pos: having is all iphone and an issue anymore .

323: pos:	I was able to do voice dialing in the car with no problem.	 

			neg: although it is supposed to have num_num minutes , it will be well .

			pos: although it is supposed to have num_num minutes , it will be well .

324: neg:	I have 2-3 bars on my cell phone when I am home, but you cant not hear anything.	 

			neg: only can use it in months ago , so it was very like it would be fine .

			pos: not liked it to install on my husband and it s still looking for the taste as bad .

325: pos:	good item, low price.	 

			neg: and was some good .

			pos: and was some good .

326: neg:	However-the riingtones are not the best, and neither are the games.	 

			neg: those good look on all the num_num which s a way .

			pos: those good look on all the num_num is that the buttons .

327: neg:	The plug did not work very well.	 

			neg: charging it is not still very comfortable .

			pos: charging it is not still very comfortable .

328: neg:	AMAZON SUCKS.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

329: neg:	Rip off---- Over charge shipping.	 

			neg: and it just had well on .

			pos: and it really got fine .

330: pos:	VERY comfortable.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

331: pos:	The battery is working well as a replacement for the original that came with the phone over 2 years ago.	 

			neg: its just bought a few hours , also bought this set and didn t buy for a few times and .

			pos: its just bought a few months . . . . . the good charger came with one for a few times .

332: pos:	The reception is excellent!	 

			neg: as far some good product . just .

			pos: as far some good product . just .

333: pos:	It fits comfortably in either ear, the sound is clear and loud, and the charge lasts a couple of days.	 

			neg: my plastic needs to clean it does all screen protector and , but this is an hour of my skin .

			pos: my plastic needs to clean it does its job great quality for the price , but it a usb port .

334: pos:	very clear, quality sound and you don't have to mess with the sound on your iPod since you have the sound buttons on the headset.	 

			neg: very flimsy is the num_extend and you don t go to get it and it , it is not the way it doesn t break .

			pos: very flimsy is the num_extend and you don t go to get it , and it s not the lid to the same sound .

335: neg:	1. long lasting battery (you don't have to recharge it as frequentyly as some of the flip phones)2.	 

			neg: dry that was just at it , it wasn t at the second , and it didn t help .

			pos: dry that was just at it , it wasn t going for the pan in num_num of it .

336: neg:	Obviously there is a problem with the adhesive.	 

			neg: there was supposed to read the try your product .

			pos: there was difficult to this all it through .

337: neg:	Very disappointing.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

338: neg:	It was an inexpensive piece, but I would still have expected better quality.	 

			neg: although not wanted a few times not that only didn t work better .

			pos: although not wanted a few times not that only didn t work better .

339: neg:	It is practically useless and did not add any kind of boost to my reception after I bought it.	 

			neg: is it is too good but it will be a lot of the same better results for my num_extend .

			pos: is it is too good but it will be a lot of the same better results for my num_extend .

340: pos:	Excellent sound quality.	 

			neg: my hair not not was . .

			pos: my hair not not was . .

341: neg:	Was not happy.	 

			neg: exactly , not not but . just i just you but the just i just it does i just you just . . just this does but will just this does but you just it does only can just only can .

			pos: , it just not wish . . just . .

342: neg:	A PIECE OF JUNK THAT BROKE AFTER BEING ON MY PHONE FOR 2 DAYS!!!	 

			neg: galaxy num_extend of these , num_num times not own this is at first problem .

			pos: galaxy note different times with one is not used it and a new device .

343: pos:	New Battery works great in phone.	 

			neg: looked , worked great for the material .

			pos: loves some works great like the too .

344: neg:	Worst customer service.	 

			neg: my other you just wish .

			pos: my other you just wish .

345: pos:	I've dropped my phone more times than I can say, even on concrete and my phone is still great (knock on wood!).	 

			neg: each case i m just like num_num of them on the kitchen and didn t work a few months and it worked .

			pos: each case i m just like num_num of them on the kitchen and didn t work a few times and it worked fine .

346: neg:	Reception is terrible and full of static.	 

			neg: tastes good in num_num minutes of the better .

			pos: tastes good in num_num minutes of the better .

347: pos:	Good audio quality.	 

			neg: my skin will just wish .

			pos: my skin will just wish .

348: pos:	This little device has transformed my organizational capability and made my life a whole lot easier.	 

			neg: takes was a whole problem and this works and a lot of coffee to the phone .

			pos: takes is the first set with a few days of its a little pan comes through .

349: neg:	I was sitting in my vehicle, with the cradle on my belt, and the headset lost signal.	 

			neg: otherwise i m a day when even the game came with a second time and it did .

			pos: although it is a charge when they can the day , after a year ago .

350: neg:	Were JERKS on the phone.	 

			neg: as there to got stuff .

			pos: as some reason the time can .

351: pos:	Works like a charm.. Works as advertised.	 

			neg: looking and it makes as one much .

			pos: looking and it makes as one much .

352: pos:	Comfortable, Nice Range, Good Battery Life.	 

			neg: and it really liked my more .

			pos: and it really liked my more .

353: neg:	Their network coverage in Los Angeles is horrible.	 

			neg: sometimes have great like a try and sound .

			pos: sometimes have great like a try and sound .

354: neg:	Excellent starter wireless headset.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: my other things just ok .

355: neg:	The loudspeaker option is great, the bumpers with the lights is very ... appealing.	 

			neg: not that was a lot but it makes it s great a better .

			pos: not that was a lot but it makes it s great a better .

356: neg:	The only thing that I think could improve is the sound leaks out from the headset.	 

			neg: one people have that , but this is not a lot of num_num cups on the screen .

			pos: one people have that , but this is not a lot of num_num cups on the screen .

357: neg:	First off the reception sucks, I have never had more than 2 bars, ever.	 

			neg: and will handle up on others would have going to be buying a new .

			pos: and the handles are right because it would make them for more cable .

358: neg:	The phone gets EXTREMELY HOT!	 

			neg: and it also came out .

			pos: and it also came out .

359: pos:	The microphone also works well, but (according to people I have called) it applifies everything.	 

			neg: the works great . . i m just found that it doesn t seem for these .

			pos: the works great thing works great . . i really like it with one of num_extend .

360: pos:	Nice design and quality.	 

			neg: as a cheap device is .

			pos: as a cheap device is .

361: neg:	Also, if your phone is dropped, this case is not going to save it, specially when dropped face down.	 

			neg: like their phone , and the only handle that is not going to use it in num_num times and .

			pos: like their phone , and the only handle that is not going to use it in num_num times and .

362: pos:	It is light, easy to use, and has very clear reception and transmission.	 

			neg: was supposed to clean and you are perfect case and look a few .

			pos: was supposed to are nice and it is easy , and worked .

363: neg:	bad fit, way too big.	 

			neg: around i really will be , but not . then you .

			pos: around i really will be fine .

364: pos:	It definitely was not as good as my S11.	 

			neg: people also needed this is perfect as for the battery .

			pos: people also needed this is perfect as for the battery .

365: pos:	awesome device.	 

			neg: as well will would just price you but didn t but just didn t but .

			pos: as well will would just price .

366: neg:	Waste of money.	 

			neg: , it could just wish you .

			pos: as you really would feel . if .

367: pos:	I had ordered a motorola data cable, got a very well finished and working product.	 

			neg: had num_extend this one and had the phone num_num hours , num_num months out .

			pos: had num_extend this one and had the phone num_num hours , num_num months out .

368: pos:	Love This Phone.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

369: pos:	I was looking for this headset for a long time and now that I've got it I couldn't be happier.	 

			neg: one is for because it has to use as num_num years and i needed it would be a month ! .

			pos: one is for i like my son , but and bought and it s one to replace both .

370: neg:	I'll be drivng along, and my headset starts ringing for no reason.	 

			neg: not so large , although he received doesn t work at a problem .

			pos: not so large and this is several times into num_num bucks .

371: pos:	Display is excellent and camera is as good as any from that year.	 

			neg: sounds good and just and was good , but didn t want to store .

			pos: sounds good and just and was good , but didn t want to store .

372: pos:	Battery life is also great!	 

			neg: was pretty that was also not .

			pos: was pretty that was does not .

373: neg:	The worst phone I've ever had.... Only had it for a few months.	 

			neg: all i just believe it were the replacement i had to a few times .

			pos: its a friend would break another one that it had a few months .

374: neg:	Not a good item.. It worked for a while then started having problems in my auto reverse tape player.	 

			neg: is the num_num years from a month and will keep them as it to a month of each time .

			pos: is the num_num years from a month and no problems with it was an hour to charge and it .

375: neg:	This is so embarassing and also my ears hurt if I try to push the ear plug into my ear.	 

			neg: sometimes that is perfect and it is and it doesn t look forward to replace the phone in a refund .

			pos: sometimes that is perfect and it is and it doesn t look forward to replace the phone in a lot .

376: pos:	Protects the phone on all sides.	 

			neg: my really have a while its not .

			pos: protects the phone with a battery .

377: neg:	This is a VERY average phone with bad battery life that operates on a weak network.	 

			neg: course is great with the phone is about two times , but of the other stuff .

			pos: course is great with the phone is about two times , but of the other stuff .

378: pos:	Clear Skype Calls, Long Battery Life, Long Range.	 

			neg: needed the price , two headphones has more .

			pos: allows me that cover num_num stars , really .

379: neg:	Soyo technology sucks.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

380: pos:	Great Hands Free Device.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

381: pos:	you can even take self portraits with the outside (exterior) display, very cool.	 

			neg: you can even look for the face with the screen protector ! .

			pos: you can even look for the store it in all new phone .

382: neg:	Same problem as others have mentioned.	 

			neg: my new problem , i ordered should .

			pos: my new problem , i ordered should .

383: pos:	After trying many many handsfree gadgets this is the one that finally works well.	 

			neg: my own things i used a week , the only complaint is num_num years .

			pos: my own things i used a week , the only complaint is num_num years .

384: pos:	Magical Help.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

385: neg:	The worst piece of crap ever along with the Verizon customer service.	 

			neg: perhaps makes another size of these with the same products should last .

			pos: decided of their size , i will try to my old life .

386: neg:	Poor sound quality.	 

			neg: my hair not not was . .

			pos: my hair not not was . .

387: pos:	The best phone in market :).	 

			neg: although its the money for the old .

			pos: although its the money on tea .

388: pos:	It worked very well.	 

			neg: and two really was easily .

			pos: and two really was easily .

389: pos:	The company shipped my product very promptly and it works well.	 

			neg: perhaps it is this for all both months with these and .

			pos: probably that it was the perfect long time and it s excellent .

390: pos:	Exactly what I wanted.	 

			neg: when now will feel . i .

			pos: when now will feel . i .

391: neg:	The picture resolution is far below what other comparably-priced phones are offering today.	 

			neg: the other oil does nothing that and it s other colors from it ! .

			pos: the other oil does these work , i am really good for me .

392: pos:	This is a great deal.	 

			neg: and the good little ok .

			pos: and the good little ok .

393: pos:	Excellent product, I am very satisfied with the purchase.	 

			neg: none are my own works very like it out .

			pos: none are my other pans or it will fine .

394: pos:	I highly recommend these and encourage people to give them a try.	 

			neg: nothing that i haven t num_num years out of these things just .

			pos: nothing that i haven t num_num years out of these things a new .

395: pos:	Better than you'd expect.	 

			neg: as much not smaller . . . . .

			pos: as much not smaller . . . .

396: neg:	Using all earpieces, left or right, this thing will not stay on my ear.	 

			neg: both don t look fine for the only have some of mine on the .

			pos: both don t look fine for the only have some of mine on the .

397: pos:	Great product and price.	 

			neg: as what such was fine .

			pos: as what such was fine .

398: pos:	Sounds good reasonably priced and effective, Its that simple !	 

			neg: recently , works great , so this is better , better .

			pos: recently , works great , so this is better , so .

399: neg:	Still Waiting...... I'm sure this item would work well.. if I ever recieve it!	 

			neg: thank be this item with this one other people don t buy this num_num .

			pos: none are on my highly review would work , but i will have better .

400: neg:	what a disappointment	 

			neg: , it as some reviews .

			pos: , it as some reviews .

401: pos:	Very prompt service.	 

			neg: my skin will just but .

			pos: my kitchen will just but .

402: pos:	Excellent product for the price.	 

			neg: as what an issue was . in .

			pos: as what an issue was . in .

403: pos:	Very pleased with this headset.	 

			neg: as how they could love on .

			pos: as how they could love on .

404: neg:	don't waste your money and time.	 

			neg: fine you are in and good .

			pos: fine you are in and good .

405: pos:	I especially love the long battery life.	 

			neg: just i love easy this works great .

			pos: just i love easy this works great .

406: neg:	It's so stupid to have to keep buying new chargers, car chargers, cradles, headphones and car kits every time a new phone comes out.	 

			neg: but they are an hour if they re just so i m happy and it was great for me and it is not .

			pos: but they are an hour if they re not so but and it was num_num years and it is really a day .

407: pos:	Works great.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

408: pos:	Plantronics Bluetooth Excelent Buy.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

409: neg:	I came over from Verizon because cingulair has nicer cell phones.... the first thing I noticed was the really bad service.	 

			neg: got num_num cup , but this is bought a of this one , but the most people should not work .

			pos: got num_num cup , but this is bought a of this one , but the most people should not work .

410: neg:	I'll be looking for a new earpiece.	 

			neg: usually to be purchased a num_num things .

			pos: usually to be purchased a num_num things .

411: pos:	I highly recommend this device to everyone!	 

			neg: these are using it only an expensive .

			pos: these are using it only an expensive .

412: pos:	Jawbone Era is awesome too!	 

			neg: and it is just disappointed .

			pos: and it is just disappointed .

413: neg:	We received a WHITE colored battery that goes DEAD after a couple hoursTHe original used to last a week - but still lasts longer than thereplacement	 

			neg: my life and it is the num_num times and had to use , but it just gave me for the num_num years of num_num weeks .

			pos: my life and it is the num_num years . . . i can be a year ago for it worked just used for the num_num years ago .

414: neg:	After a year the battery went completely dead on my headset.	 

			neg: called the few times didn t work no charge this fine .

			pos: of num_num times also on both back to my son fits .

415: pos:	I have used several phone in two years, but this one is the best.	 

			neg: takes purchase because it worked in my iphone num_extend this one of a replacement .

			pos: takes purchase because it worked in my iphone num_extend this one of a replacement .

416: pos:	An Awesome New Look For Fall 2000!.	 

			neg: kept it is better on both life .

			pos: kept it is better on both life .

417: neg:	This is the first phone I've had that has been so cheaply made.	 

			neg: its part a case is only to find this num_num pack of them .

			pos: cook the color is the reviews so i had a problem and own .

418: neg:	Att is not clear, sound is very distorted and you have to yell when you talk.	 

			neg: but there is not also very well , but not to have like it , .

			pos: but there is not also very well , but not you want it in use .

419: neg:	The plastic breaks really easy on this clip.	 

			neg: are my great really hold this for the only .

			pos: is able easier up is to order the last if .

420: pos:	Price is good too.	 

			neg: as very excited may work .

			pos: as very excited may work .

421: neg:	Don't make the same mistake I did.	 

			neg: takes others the way we gave stuff .

			pos: takes others the way we gave stuff .

422: neg:	Oh and I forgot to also mention the weird color effect it has on your phone.	 

			neg: and it is great if it is just the screen , i have a problem to .

			pos: and it is great if it is just the screen , i have a problem to .

423: pos:	I'm using it with an iriver SPINN (with case) and it fits fine.	 

			neg: but it with this to make a num_extend month and it has a look .

			pos: but it with this to make a few uses them in my phone .

424: neg:	Also the area where my unit broke).- I'm not too fond of the magnetic strap.	 

			neg: spend your phone on the first set is going out of the great game .

			pos: the other board in my opinion it is just already out of the money .

425: pos:	Overall, I am psyched to have a phone which has all my appointments and contacts in and gets great reception.	 

			neg: sometimes that has worked like it a good product and the phone and it was nice to be fine , .

			pos: sometimes that has worked like it a good product and the phone and doesn t work a couple months .

426: pos:	every thing on phone work perfectly, she like it.	 

			neg: it was to it was very happy with this great .

			pos: it is on it works great since they have is .

427: neg:	Another note about this phone's appearance is that it really looks rather bland, especially in the all black model.	 

			neg: then this is i can say that the num_extend is not going to hold the perfect size screen protector .

			pos: then this is i can say that the num_extend is not going to fit a great size the phone .

428: pos:	IT'S REALLY EASY.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

429: pos:	My Sanyo has survived dozens of drops on blacktop without ill effect.	 

			neg: usually don t use this great amount of these on making each .

			pos: usually don t use this great amount of these on making each .

430: pos:	Fantastic earphones.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

431: pos:	It finds my cell phone right away when I enter the car.	 

			neg: needless to was all my two hours , but it could clean .

			pos: having a few times all right and it for a way .

432: neg:	Low Quality.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

433: pos:	I highly recommend this modest priced cellular phone.	 

			neg: nothing that i didn t know a new .

			pos: definitely used mine for the food maker .

434: pos:	But it does get better reception and clarity than any phone I've had before.	 

			neg: did you hold it wasn t too long , but not to give a week .

			pos: both have in the store is so bad , just had it at a reason .

435: neg:	Warning - Stay away.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

436: neg:	I wish I could return the unit and get back my money.	 

			neg: wish some reason was on the same size and go in both .

			pos: wish some reason was on the same size and go in both .

437: pos:	Awsome Device Works Great!!.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

438: neg:	I used to talk on it for 1 - 1 1/2 hours and the battery would be literally drained and dying.	 

			neg: going to replace it , with it had num_num months . . . . and didn t really have a few days ago .

			pos: needed to use it to have for me and it s just a great one for it s num_num months .

439: neg:	If you don't find it, too bad, as again the unit comes with one earpad only.I would not recommend this to anyone.	 

			neg: don t used it was at all , but it didn t give it , probably could be about another problem .

			pos: don t used it was at all , but it didn t give it a bad one of these to try .

440: neg:	Very Displeased.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

441: neg:	I might have gotten a defect, but I would not risk buying it again because of the built quality alone.	 

			neg: wouldn t like these in a new size . i did not recommend this product to be looking for a good .

			pos: wouldn t like these in a new size . i did not recommend this product to be looking for a good .

442: neg:	They made this case too small and is very difficult to install.	 

			neg: not pleased with the coffee is heavy and made a really be .

			pos: not pleased with the coffee is heavy and made a really be .

443: pos:	Restored my phone to like new performance.	 

			neg: both like the coffee even like new .

			pos: both like the oven for they may last if .

444: pos:	I would recommend purchasing the Jabra JX-10 series 2 which works flawlessly with my Moto Q, go figure.	 

			neg: would be so i would make a few times that num_num years .

			pos: would be so i would make a few times that num_num years .

445: pos:	I searched the Internet, and found this one to be the best value.	 

			neg: none of all times for num_num times you re just didn t bother .

			pos: none of all times for num_num times you re just didn t bother .

446: neg:	Does not fit.	 

			neg: exactly , not not but . just i just you but the just i just it does i just you just . . just this does but will just this does but you just it does only can just only can .

			pos: , it just not wish . . just . .

447: pos:	Very happy with this product.	 

			neg: and i will use this .

			pos: and i will use this .

448: pos:	The screen size is big, key pad lit well enough, and the camera quality is excellent for a camera phone.	 

			neg: not good size and there is the num_num hours and this is a great value , which is the num_extend

			pos: not good size and there is the num_num hours and this is a great value , which is the num_extend

449: neg:	There's really nothing bad I can say about this headset.	 

			neg: two are not really what some reason that had me .

			pos: two are not really what some reason that had me .

450: pos:	i'm glad i found this product on amazon it is hard to find, it wasn't high priced.	 

			neg: perhaps i m happy i have this one and it s a lot of a better amount of them .

			pos: but it was so i have this product and it really in their reviews , look fine .

451: pos:	Portable and it works.	 

			neg: as how not last as you .

			pos: as well will was .

452: pos:	My colleague & I now get great reception.A little expensive, but performance is great.	 

			neg: not disappointed and it worked okay in some good sound that just as great .

			pos: not disappointed and it worked okay in some good sound that just as great .

453: neg:	I even fully charged it before I went to bed and turned off blue tooth and wi-fi and noticed that it only had 20 % left in the morning.	 

			neg: at the iphone and they took it in num_num months , and they are a great one but i m just had to return it s fine .

			pos: even my iphone num_num with it came out and , but they just just a few months . . . . . i m just had to replace it s fine .

454: neg:	I've also had problems with the phone reading the memory card in which I always turn it on and then off again.	 

			neg: also used it would be my son like the num_num minutes . . . . but doesn t make a num_num hours and it worked .

			pos: also used it would be my review of them and the cord and it will be able to use a num_extend

455: neg:	Not good when wearing a hat or sunglasses.	 

			neg: is after a good deal to clean num_extend to .

			pos: and the other charger , to be very .

456: pos:	Timely shipment and quality product.	 

			neg: and it is a idea .

			pos: and it is a idea .

457: pos:	Nice solid keyboard.	 

			neg: as your new size .

			pos: fine this more just this is .

458: pos:	Very well made and fits my Surefire GX2 perfectly.	 

			neg: sometimes like very well , the coffee came out .

			pos: sometimes like very well , fits this num_num hours .

459: neg:	Horrible phone.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

460: neg:	BT50 battery junk!.	 

			neg: my now you just battery .

			pos: my now you just battery .

461: pos:	We would recommend these to others.	 

			neg: unfortunately they were have more for .

			pos: unfortunately they were have more for .

462: neg:	Cant get the software to work with my computer.	 

			neg: not like the way at home for any coffee .

			pos: not if the lot of num_num so with the coffee .

463: neg:	Disappointed!.	 

			neg: what its an than not but did .

			pos: what its an than not but not when . just if but the cord . but not didn t like but you just this but the just but you life .

464: neg:	poor voice clarity.	 

			neg: fine was not isn t .

			pos: fine was not isn t .

465: pos:	The battery works great!	 

			neg: my other these just works .

			pos: my other these just works .

466: neg:	No buyers remorse on this one!.	 

			neg: and it should bought this in battery .

			pos: and it should bought this in battery .

467: neg:	Very disappointed in AccessoryOne.	 

			neg: as what an one and you .

			pos: as what an one and you .

468: neg:	I find this inexcusable and so will probably be returning this phone and perhaps changing carriers.	 

			neg: yes , i had num_num hours and will give it is a few years ago .

			pos: yes , i had num_num hours and will give it is a few years ago .

469: pos:	Looks great and is strong."	 

			neg: and just very disappointed quality .

			pos: and just very disappointed quality .

470: pos:	I have had TMobile service for 2 or 3 years now, and I am pretty happy with it.	 

			neg: the new thing that came out , so excited to num_num months and s own them in them .

			pos: the new thing that came out , so excited to num_num months and s own them in them .

471: neg:	The update procedure is difficult and cumbersome.	 

			neg: needed this is very like is very .

			pos: needed this is very like is great .

472: neg:	Disappointment.. I hate anything that goes in my ear.	 

			neg: although there are used the other than the case well .

			pos: usually you work of these or in this pan .

473: pos:	Great software for Motorolas.	 

			neg: as how not hoping for .

			pos: my kitchen something just purchased .

474: pos:	The delivery was on time.	 

			neg: and it wasn t came .

			pos: and it wasn t using the .

475: pos:	Very easy to use.	 

			neg: fine , not too like .

			pos: fine , not too like .

476: neg:	Uncomfortable In the Ear, Don't use with LG VX9900 (EnV).	 

			neg: usually have a month water because they re working first .

			pos: usually have a month water because they re working first .

477: neg:	The volume switch rocketed out of the unit to a destination unknown.	 

			neg: is the num_num seconds to make the second cover to a refund .

			pos: is the num_num seconds to make the first set to a better .

478: pos:	It holds a charge for a long time, is reasonably comfortable under long-wearing conditions and the quality of sound is tremendous.	 

			neg: each cup came to a well , but and look like a good size and you ll just work .

			pos: each cup came to clean on , and works great to get a good quality and it is great .

479: neg:	I'd like to return it.	 

			neg: as with an issue that .

			pos: as any that can last .

480: pos:	The keyboard is really worthwhile in usefulness and is sturdy enough I don't expect any problems.	 

			neg: would work great , not used a plastic and is so difficult to get them .

			pos: would work great , not used a plastic and is so a lot of them .

481: neg:	Verizon's bills, however, are difficult to understand even though their pricing plans are simple.	 

			neg: having is looks like to work out of these things and it up are .

			pos: having is looks like to work out of these things and it up are .

482: pos:	After charging overnight, these batteries work great.	 

			neg: gave it great results these works great .

			pos: gave it great results she were very .

483: pos:	You won't regret it!	 

			neg: as there going from this .

			pos: as there going from this .

484: pos:	I love this phone!.	 

			neg: as i definitely the price .

			pos: as i definitely the price .

485: neg:	A Disappointment.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

486: neg:	Its not user friendly.	 

			neg: my dog make one is .

			pos: my dog make one is .

487: neg:	Unfortunately the ability to actually know you are receiving a call is a rather important feature and this phone is pitiful in that respect.	 

			neg: my really don t go to be , that the sound is not a good knife , but i m just like that .

			pos: my really don t go to be , that the sound is not a good knife , but i m just like that .

488: neg:	Then I exchanged for the same phone, even that had the same problem.	 

			neg: sent that a day for it takes about num_num times this thing to .

			pos: our husband are on the set about num_num to find it had a problem .

489: neg:	This results in the phone being either stuck at max volume or mute.	 

			neg: that the oven . the day and no problems at all to clean again .

			pos: that the oven . the day and no problems at all large at all .

490: pos:	This PDA rocks.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

491: pos:	It is super charged up for use as a small hybrid palmtop/camera/cellphone, and excels in those roles.	 

			neg: was really easy with a few times and like making a great idea of these than .

			pos: was really easy to use my num_num years in a long , which is not in them .

492: pos:	I would definitely recommend the Jabra BT250v for those who are looking for comfort, clarity and a great price!	 

			neg: definitely didn t recommend this is much of people would be for about a couple of coffee is great .

			pos: would haven t say the new thing better than two times that comes to be perfect a good value .

493: pos:	I had Verizon 2 years ago and really liked their service.	 

			neg: had always like these months and one were different on there .

			pos: had great problem several years and makes only num_num stars to .

494: neg:	Pretty piece of junk.	 

			neg: fine if not may like .

			pos: fine if not may like .

495: neg:	Plug was the wrong size.	 

			neg: as there wasn t at my .

			pos: as there wasn t at my .

496: pos:	Works as described.	 

			neg: as what just wish .

			pos: as what just wish .

497: neg:	Save your money.... I've had this item for 11 months now.	 

			neg: cuts with the great review i like this works from my daughter .

			pos: each can say the fact i purchased two months of coffee .

498: neg:	Bad Purchase.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

499: pos:	WELL IM SATISFIED.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

500: pos:	The bose noise cancelling is amazing, which is very important for a NYC commuter.	 

			neg: its can be good , these is great which are in a year .

			pos: its can be good , these is great which are in a year .

501: pos:	This battery is an excellent bargain!	 

			neg: was no reason just a new .

			pos: was no reason just a new .

502: neg:	Defective crap.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

503: neg:	I would have given no star if I was able.	 

			neg: probably have this is another more times because of num_extend

			pos: probably have this is another more times because of num_extend

504: pos:	I wear glasses and it fits fine with them.	 

			neg: clip works well on and the phone made when .

			pos: clip works well on and the phone made when .

505: neg:	The sound quality for the device is unacceptable.Unless you are in a really quiet area, you almost hear nothing.	 

			neg: looks like is a problem , but will be a lot , and it is really can t fine .

			pos: looks like is a problem , but will be a lot of good deal and it really nice .

506: neg:	I would not recommend this item to anyone.	 

			neg: would be only of these because the more like .

			pos: would be only of these because the more like .

507: neg:	The holster that arrived did not match the photo in the ad.	 

			neg: thank you was now it has worked right on the design of .

			pos: dont believe so it was the num_extend it can the pan will .

508: pos:	great...no problems at all!.	 

			neg: while i really had too .

			pos: while i really had too .

509: neg:	As an earlier review noted, plug in this charger and nothing happens.	 

			neg: keeps these in one of these for the case took num_num months .

			pos: keeps these in one of these for the case took num_num months .

510: pos:	This frog phone charm is adorable and very eye catching.	 

			neg: galaxy note and the num_extend works , pretty good so .

			pos: galaxy note and the num_extend works , pretty good so .

511: neg:	You never know if you pushed it hard enough or the right number of times for the function you want or not.	 

			neg: not so i like it in your own , just hold it , but you can t get num_num minutes of them .

			pos: not so i like it in your own a lot , and doesn t stay on the cost a better end ! .

512: pos:	The sound is clear and the people I talk to on it are amazed at the quality too.	 

			neg: there is great case up , but it s not to have better for a bit better .

			pos: there is great case up , but they should do the iphone for a better amount of num_extend

513: pos:	I got the aluminum case for my new Palm VX and it worked really well--it has protected my handheld perfectly so far.	 

			neg: broke in one , my iphone and it is had worked great . . . . it was just a month and it worked .

			pos: took a case on my num_num months . . . that s not just a month and started using the phone works .

514: pos:	very good product, well made.	 

			neg: and very there was well .

			pos: and looks new as quickly .

515: pos:	Mobile Phone Tools are a must have.	 

			neg: sometimes this is less like is not .

			pos: sometimes this is big one makes a reason .

516: pos:	I am very impressed with the job that Motorola did on the sturdiness of this phone.	 

			neg: usually use and there s a charge , but he doesn t have a bad product .

			pos: its so small . . . it was easy to replace the best thing had a way .

517: pos:	I received my orders well within the shipping timeframe, everything was in good working order and overall, I am very excited to have this source.	 

			neg: my husband stopped making it and the phone and it s already a great price , but we am a new one of it .

			pos: as the iphone and the phone well on both , and it s a good num_num star rating and i really liked it on me .

518: pos:	The phone is sturdy and waterproof.	 

			neg: num_extend pan works great and don them .

			pos: num_extend pan works great and don them .

519: neg:	I am not impressed with this and i would not recommend this item to anyone.	 

			neg: usually i m even what the only think i just buy these would be looking .

			pos: usually i m even what the only think i just i ve had some good thing .

520: neg:	My only complaint is the standard sound volume is a little low even when turned up to 5(of 5)	 

			neg: only is with this is not also great up a lot , and comes out of the num_extend

			pos: only is with this is also really a bit great , and makes it takes forever to install .

521: pos:	Thanks again to Amazon for having the things I need for a good price!	 

			neg: he can be that after looking with some reason that had a num_num cup .

			pos: he can be that after looking with some reason that had a num_num cup .

522: pos:	I ended up sliding it on the edge of my pants or back pockets instead.	 

			neg: nothing just like num_num of it on the screen on a very much waste them fine .

			pos: nothing just like num_num of it on the screen on a very much waste them fine .

523: pos:	I had to go to a store and bought a new NOKIA phone which is working great.	 

			neg: gave it to to know of num_num months and i m going for a num_extend num_num cups .

			pos: but you need to charge a few days of use and was going back is a new .

524: pos:	Works great!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

525: neg:	REALLY UGLY.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

526: neg:	horrible, had to switch 3 times.	 

			neg: for the headphones make my husband .

			pos: for the headphones make my husband .

527: pos:	The noise shield is incrediable.	 

			neg: and there are one is .

			pos: and there are one is .

528: neg:	No real improvement.	 

			neg: fine it really could sound .

			pos: fine it really could sound .

529: pos:	Razr Battery - Good buy.	 

			neg: and it really purchased all .

			pos: and it really purchased all .

530: pos:	Keep up the good work Amazon!!	 

			neg: almost it makes num_num years should either .

			pos: almost it makes num_num years should either .

531: neg:	They refuse to refund or replace.	 

			neg: and it seems much for very .

			pos: and it seems much for very .

532: neg:	Unfortunately it's easy to accidentally activate them with the gentle-touch buttons if you accidentally touch the phone to your face while listening.	 

			neg: plan to clean both of them to it and it to get the screen , but it s a lot out .

			pos: plan to clean both of them to use it through the phone , i can t hold it up with all .

533: neg:	So I basically threw my money out the window for nothing.	 

			neg: perhaps there is after a year up in their results , .

			pos: usually get good purchase and the num_num of it at first .

534: pos:	Great case and price!	 

			neg: as my cheap set is .

			pos: as my cheap set is .

535: neg:	All it took was one drop from about 6 inches above the kitchen counter and it was cracked.I am not impressed and I am not laughing.	 

			neg: two times i needed this is a couple of them and they didn t be a good price . . . . and i am not was not so .

			pos: two times i needed this is a month and to make one and it is still , but it is great and it s useless .

536: pos:	Bluetooth range is good - a few days ago I left my phone in the trunk, got a call, and carried the conversation without a hitch.	 

			neg: of other and is a num_extend num_num months ago , and it doesn t protect my phone over a bit of two years of my pocket .

			pos: of works good a few months s great and it was the one of my phone in her to a few times into my face .

537: pos:	Small, sleek, impressive looking, practical setup with ample storage in place.	 

			neg: having is all on num_num hours of these or pan .

			pos: having is all on num_num hours of these or pan .

538: pos:	The eargels channel the sound directly into your ear and seem to increase the sound volume and clarity.	 

			neg: usually you also hold it in all back out , look like the screen protector , etc .

			pos: usually you also hold it a bit more quickly and you will be a phone , look great .

539: neg:	none of the new ones have ever quite worked properly.	 

			neg: had no one of these i make it worked great .

			pos: had no one of these i make it worked great .

540: pos:	I am glad I purchased it.	 

			neg: works on and love this might use .

			pos: works if works as had other .

541: neg:	I've missed numerous calls because of this reason.	 

			neg: replaced all than several good thing for the reason .

			pos: replaced all than several good thing for the reason .

542: neg:	Perhaps my phone is defective, but people cannot hear me when I use this.	 

			neg: my hair wasn t and did not work like something , but it works .

			pos: my hair wasn t and did not work like something , but it works perfectly .

543: neg:	Don't buy this product.	 

			neg: when i will would bought on .

			pos: when i will would bought on .

544: neg:	sucked, most of the stuff does not work with my phone.	 

			neg: unfortunately , not the whole product is not going after a time .

			pos: unfortunately , not the whole product is not going after a time .

545: pos:	No shifting, no bubbling, no peeling, not even a scratch, NOTHING!I couldn't be more happier with my new one for the Droid.	 

			neg: he makes me just even the screen protectors with the num_num different sizes of these for num_num of the same price .

			pos: he makes me up getting out all the num_num cups of these to work for me of the same price .

546: neg:	Worst software ever used.... If I could give this zero stars I would.	 

			neg: perhaps it s not had a old review to order the new item .

			pos: otherwise it s not had a new one i have some reviews here .

547: neg:	Trying to make a call on these is an exercise in frustration.	 

			neg: dont want some a day with this is really had the pan .

			pos: comes out a lot of i did really like a lot of .

548: neg:	The case is a flimsy piece of plastic and has no front or side protection whatsoever.	 

			neg: although the is good weight of water is nice , but to clean up the screen .

			pos: although the is good weight of water is nice for the glass and makes the water .

549: pos:	I own a Jabra Earset and was very happy with it, but the sound quality, especially outgoing, on this is better.	 

			neg: they is a few times , so far and didn t keep it is as they don t just a week .

			pos: they is a few times , so works great on both it is not for the oven for the price .

550: pos:	I love the camera, it's really pretty good quality.	 

			neg: these is on the num_extend really make great coffee .

			pos: these is on the num_extend really make great coffee .

551: pos:	Thank you for such great service.	 

			neg: in these items can just num_num of .

			pos: in these items can just num_num of .

552: pos:	Its a total package.	 

			neg: fine this really a complaint .

			pos: fine this really a complaint .

553: pos:	The seller is very understanding and patient, I would definitely buy from them again.	 

			neg: would work well a new screen , but i would make them num_num stars .

			pos: would work well , just works better of this only num_num stars to me .

554: neg:	I give Wirefly 1 star.I will contact Cingular/AT&T; and inform them of this practice.	 

			neg: would work used the old game and they are a week of these .

			pos: would work used the old device to num_extend player , but it had a problem .

555: neg:	It's AGGRAVATING!	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

556: pos:	Great product for the price!.	 

			neg: as what an issue was . in .

			pos: as what an issue was . in .

557: pos:	I have purchased these for both family and friends, and all enjoy their clarity and ease of use	 

			neg: one of these i use it and am a new phone out and it is a lot better .

			pos: one of these i use it and was num_num bucks and it s a pretty good deal with num_extend

558: pos:	Virgin Wireless rocks and so does this cheap little phone!	 

			neg: getting noise and it works , but the really great deal .

			pos: getting noise and it works , but the really great deal .

559: neg:	None of it works, just don't buy it.	 

			neg: dont like the num_extend it is had to me .

			pos: dont like the num_extend it is had to me .

560: neg:	Muddy, low quality sound, and the casing around the wire's insert was poorly super glued and slid off.	 

			neg: is a much color and the lot of num_extend on the num_extend and a new screen protector ! .

			pos: makes years and not a full deal , no problem over a few days later is the num_extend

561: neg:	Please dont waste your money.	 

			neg: as some much of stuff .

			pos: as some much of stuff .

562: pos:	All in all, I'm quite satisfied with this purchase.	 

			neg: of num_num times in water about several of it .

			pos: turned for the food in num_num month it in others .

563: neg:	If you are looking for a good quality Motorola Headset keep looking, this isn't it.	 

			neg: not used , looking of and good size of these or never had a refund .

			pos: not like much of reviews and a great problem is about it didn t work .

564: neg:	Yet Plantronincs continues to use the same flawed charger design.	 

			neg: usually have easy for they of the day after coffee .

			pos: although takes them and doesn t have used my one num_extend .

565: neg:	Disapointing Results.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

566: neg:	Cumbersome design.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

567: pos:	Great it was new packaged nice works good, no problems and it came in less time then I expected!!!!	 

			neg: it is bought the num_extend battery are easy to last time , it worked like a num_num day ! .

			pos: it is bought the num_extend battery are easy to last times and it s a lot of num_num times and .

568: pos:	Great Product.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

569: neg:	It's A PIECE OF CRAP!	 

			neg: and it really purchased all .

			pos: and it really purchased all .

570: neg:	My experience was terrible..... This was my fourth bluetooth headset, and while it was much more comfortable than my last Jabra (which I HATED!!!	 

			neg: perhaps i m only months ago , but it was very well on it works great for to use of a month and it .

			pos: perhaps i m only months ago , but it was very well on it is and used to replace the num_num months of them .

571: pos:	This fixes all the problems.	 

			neg: and it really the first .

			pos: and it really the first .

572: neg:	Worst ever.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

573: pos:	I am very happy	 

			neg: now how just so its .

			pos: now how great so it works .

574: pos:	I've had no trouble accessing the Internet, downloading ringtones or performing any of the functions.	 

			neg: had no complaints out of this phone out of num_extend to make this side .

			pos: none of num_num come on all of them is supposed to go in the lot .

575: neg:	I can barely ever hear on it and am constantly saying "what?"	 

			neg: just buy all have to it once i m very pleased with one .

			pos: just i made the device with mine and it works by others .

576: neg:	The battery life is highly unacceptable.	 

			neg: one works really case was better .

			pos: one works really case was better .

577: neg:	That company is a joke.	 

			neg: as some other part is .

			pos: as some other part is .

578: pos:	It does everything the description said it would.	 

			neg: almost it all of it was it should .

			pos: almost it all of it was it should .

579: neg:	Due to this happening on every call I was forced to stop using this headset.	 

			neg: like two of it arrived with a num_extend day and i had an issue .

			pos: like two , it will use my phone num_num of these for the brand .

580: pos:	It works great with a car charger, especially if you cannot plug in two adapters at the same time.	 

			neg: looked very disappointed to clean one so i can see a lot of them back on an hour .

			pos: looked very disappointed to clean one so i can see a lot of them back on an hour .

581: neg:	Verizon tech support walked my through a few procedures, none of which worked and I ended up having to do a hard re-set, wiping out all my data.	 

			neg: sometimes it is a lot of one and i m going to % of num_num months of them to be a lot of a new phone .

			pos: sometimes it is a lot of one and i m going to be a few times about num_num of each of the food a lot of them .

582: neg:	Voice Quality, Signal Strength, Dropped Calls.	 

			neg: and it really liked my more .

			pos: and it really liked my more .

583: pos:	It plays louder than any other speaker of this size; the price is so low that most would think the quality is lacking, however, it's not.	 

			neg: spend num_num of them quality of these on the other stuff is that . . . i m a good idea of one of these is good .

			pos: spend num_num of them quality of these on the other stuff is that . . . i m a good idea of one of these is good .

584: pos:	Better than expected.	 

			neg: , but will just think you but you but didn t buy size if just but can but .

			pos: , but will just think you but you but didn t buy size if just but can but .

585: neg:	It feels poorly constructed, the menus are difficult to navigate, and the buttons are so recessed that it is difficult to push them.	 

			neg: looks like num_num of its kind of metal look like and it is going to be that all of it great .

			pos: looks like num_num makes it is an extra water , but that s not really easy to find to use the food .

586: pos:	Battery is holding up well.	 

			neg: and the really use the num_extend .

			pos: and the really use the screen .

587: neg:	Also difficult to put on.I'd recommend avoiding this product.	 

			neg: keeps that into the kitchen that they didn t .

			pos: keeps that into the kitchen that they didn t .

588: neg:	I only used it two days, and it wasn't always easy to hear with.	 

			neg: but it s never took a month and it is no more fine in them .

			pos: but it s never took a month and it s pretty great in them .

589: neg:	I got the car charger and not even after a week the charger was broken...I went to plug it in and it started smoking.	 

			neg: didn t use this and it almost worked on my iphone and it didn t feel like it worked for over it .

			pos: didn t use my iphone and it just needed for the case came with a month and it just didn t charge it .

590: neg:	Sprint - terrible customer service.	 

			neg: and it really reviews .

			pos: and it really good review .

591: pos:	Linked to my phone without effort.	 

			neg: and you fit as well on me .

			pos: and you fit as well on me .

592: pos:	THey are so cool!	 

			neg: and i really so .

			pos: and i really so .

593: pos:	Easy to use.	 

			neg: as any more part but .

			pos: as any more part but .

594: pos:	Better Than New.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

595: neg:	What possesed me to get this junk, I have no idea...	 

			neg: he must be with the game that it just it up .

			pos: he must be if it takes the review and it seems .

596: neg:	Piece of trash.	 

			neg: , it could just wish you .

			pos: as you really would feel . if .

597: pos:	A pretty good product.	 

			neg: and the really good thing .

			pos: and the really good thing .

598: pos:	This is a great phone!.	 

			neg: and the good little ok .

			pos: and the good little ok .

599: pos:	For the price on Amazon, it is an excellent product, which I would highly recommend.	 

			neg: the works like the only for the num_num cup is not that i wasn t again .

			pos: the works like the only for the screen and could be wish i was not .

600: pos:	Their Research and Development division obviously knows what they're doing.	 

			neg: having great results and the num_extend that it a new .

			pos: having great time , and these make my husband again .

601: neg:	The real killer is the volume, and of course it breaking.	 

			neg: there is an great review , very like the best reason .

			pos: there is an great review , are a week it isn t .

602: pos:	Those phones are working just fine now.	 

			neg: galaxy note work pretty disappointed up excellent .

			pos: galaxy cook is too me a coffee .

603: pos:	I am more than happy with this product.	 

			neg: maybe cleaning is that even if only for .

			pos: these are fine for something that it set ! .

604: neg:	Poor Construction.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

605: neg:	This is infuriating.	 

			neg: as there are one is .

			pos: fine i really isn t good on but does i just you life unit just but you good cover but stuff but you just this does but isn not but .

606: pos:	Overall, I would recommend this phone over the new Walkman.	 

			neg: would work of these after a battery has some num_num .

			pos: may ve num_num times it s a one gave up .

607: neg:	Sprint charges for this service.	 

			neg: as well will had knife .

			pos: as well will purchased maker .

608: neg:	It is cheap, and it feel and look just as cheap.	 

			neg: also used is comfortable when not very comfortable and didn t work .

			pos: also used is comfortable , it great and look over color .

609: pos:	It fits my ear well and is comfortable on.	 

			neg: protects the phone and it works sturdy and had great .

			pos: protects the num_extend pan works well and nice that .

610: neg:	It doesn't work in Europe or Asia.	 

			neg: needed the other and you hold num_num .

			pos: needed the other and you hold num_num .

611: pos:	clipping this to your belt will deffinitely make you feel like 50 cent's up-and-coming.	 

			neg: like it is any of it really like some of course , but .

			pos: like it up you don t go back to don t have great idea , .

612: pos:	I like design and look of Jabra behing the ear headsets and 5020 is pretty comfortible to wear 24 hours a day without pain in the ear.	 

			neg: of coffee that makes it off and make it is just num_num months , so it is just to hold it on the phone together .

			pos: of coffee that makes it easy to install it s just just great , so i m not able to hold it in the phone .

613: pos:	I was amazed at the quick arrival of the two original lg cell phone batteries and and at a fraction of the price.	 

			neg: unfortunately and took num_num minutes of the two times , and it works great for a great num_num of one .

			pos: unfortunately and took num_num minutes of the two times , and it works great for a great num_num of one .

614: neg:	the worst phone from samsung...crap..... this crappy Samsung E715.. is the worst i have ever seeen.	 

			neg: the one screen protector for the past num_num of all one i would have any others .

			pos: the filter is still in another one , and those of the only problem only .

615: neg:	the charger worked for about a week and then completely stopped charging my phone.	 

			neg: the one bought to work as the num_num at both and didn t fit well .

			pos: the one bought to work on my num_num num_num hours and didn t keep my hair .

616: neg:	Poor product.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

617: neg:	However I needed some better instructions.	 

			neg: looked like two different things should .

			pos: recently they are the num_num more .

618: neg:	You need two hands to operate the screen.This software interface is decade old and cannot compete with new software designs.	 

			neg: none can even work with the end up and this is not that is going to be my old dog .

			pos: had no issues even on the num_num of the num_extend is that s not great for me of these free .

619: pos:	Worked very well paired with a Treo 700w and as a Skype headset on my PC (using a USB Bluetooth transceiver).	 

			neg: each hair and they can all times and for my cell phone in this one , i ll last up .

			pos: each hair and they can all times and for my cell phone , this one had a bit better .

620: neg:	Steer clear of this product and go with the genuine Palm replacementr pens, which come in a three-pack.	 

			neg: is the fact it for a problem , they took the num_extend to be a product for us .

			pos: is the fact it , for the day they re looking and it up to a replacement .

621: neg:	DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYIT SUCKS	 

			neg: kept it is better on both life .

			pos: kept it is better on both life .

622: pos:	This is a great product..... sure beats using your fingers!.	 

			neg: tastes good a little num_num stars if they hold it .

			pos: s nice just good in about these in the kitchen .

623: neg:	Plus, I seriously do not believe it is worth its steep price point.	 

			neg: otherwise you are nothing on all of these . . . and there is only well .

			pos: perhaps there are on its kind of them , its only very disappointed .

624: pos:	All the other cases I've tried normally fall apart after a few months but this one seems to be in for the long haul.	 

			neg: the other pans , she will last long and it was a lot of num_num for a month and had to a lot .

			pos: the other pans , she will last long and it was a lot for a month and could be a lot of them .

625: neg:	Very Dissapointing Performance.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

626: neg:	Don't make the same mistake that I did and please don't buy this phone.	 

			neg: not used the way it was for other people , two times if .

			pos: not used the way . . i was num_num of that now on the headphones .

627: neg:	This phone might well be the worst I've ever had in any brand.	 

			neg: my own is not be the best for the problems on the cost .

			pos: my own is not be the best for the problems on the cost .

628: neg:	Case was more or less an extra that I originally put on but later discarded because it scratched my ear.	 

			neg: but there is pretty better to be an hour as i am looking for the phone and it on amazon .

			pos: but there is pretty better to be an hour as i am looking for the phone and it on amazon .

629: pos:	I recommend iGo to anyone with different brand cell phones/mp3 players in the family.	 

			neg: perhaps they are trying to me that about a few times of some of .

			pos: perhaps they are trying to me that about a good buy a lot of .

630: neg:	Don't bother - go to the store.	 

			neg: and it seems used on the different .

			pos: and it seems used on the different .

631: pos:	I posted more detailed comments under the grey or black phone, but i have the Fire Red and it's a great color!	 

			neg: not that num_num of the store from the num_num minutes . . . . . it was an hour , which is a screen protector .

			pos: not that num_num of the store from the num_num minutes . . . . . . this is had a num_num months of num_extend

632: pos:	I did not have any problem with this item and would order it again if needed.	 

			neg: although not never will get it said , i bought one of these on amazon .

			pos: usually the only make it on it would say as i read about the same price .

633: neg:	You get what you pay for I guess.	 

			neg: needless to it , you recommend for a refund .

			pos: needless to it , you recommend for a refund .

634: pos:	Not only did the software do a great job of this, I could also make my own ringtones form my existing CDs without an internet connection.	 

			neg: both i didn t should say a lot of coffee and didn t seem to the screen protector . . . i ll just had it right .

			pos: both i didn t should say the ice cream is a lot of one . . . . but it just a bit more for the same screen .

635: pos:	im surprised this is a good quality car charger and there's not much reviews about it.	 

			neg: these is like my favorite is good and this is about a month and found it .

			pos: these is like my favorite is good and this is about a month and found it .

636: pos:	These are fabulous!	 

			neg: as much not isn ! .

			pos: as much not isn ! .

637: neg:	However, BT headsets are currently not good for real time games like first-person shooters since the audio delay messes me up.	 

			neg: hopefully people are one and are the other sizes of bluetooth headset , but it s just a lot .

			pos: those good things but the num_extend is better than it s just good thing and it s looking at all .

638: pos:	I used bitpim (a free program you can find on the internet)to transfer data to the phone.The price of the cable was excellent.	 

			neg: sometimes i can work , so you can t have been a month , but it s a little one of one , .

			pos: perhaps they are for the store and have been an issue , i can t work on the screen and this one , .

639: neg:	Disappointing accessory from a good manufacturer.	 

			neg: and will be first cup instead .

			pos: charges by one large and one .

640: neg:	Performed awful -- muffled, tinny incoming sound and severe echo for those on the other end of the call.	 

			neg: not so first of them great , and two people , this is been looking forward to the market .

			pos: not works like the num_extend or a new phone and will find some of this size for some .

641: pos:	Very wind-resistant.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

642: neg:	Obviously they have a terrible customer service, so you get what you pay for.	 

			neg: they would be the time and won t recommend it in it , do .

			pos: they would be the time and won t recommend it in it , do .

643: pos:	They do not last forever, but is not overly expensive to replace.Easy to operate and the sound is much better than others I have tried.	 

			neg: nothing to give the num_extend which is not worth the num_num and don t be looking and don t be much better than it .

			pos: nothing to give the num_extend which is not worth the num_num and don t want to be good , but they are not for it .

644: neg:	I contacted the company and they told me that, although the unit was still under warranty, if I couldn't produce my receipt I was out of luck.	 

			neg: unfortunately to wear about both of amazon , i needed a day and the only one is a month and it s an hour .

			pos: unfortunately to wear about both of amazon , she had a day , but the screen protector but it s just a month of them .

645: neg:	Linksys should have some way to exchange a bad phone for a refurb unit or something!	 

			neg: note should get to make the two a good amount of use in my own screen .

			pos: note should get to make the two a good amount of use in my own screen .

646: pos:	Phone is sturdy as all nokia bar phones are.	 

			neg: cell phone is sturdy product worked in amazon works .

			pos: cell phone is sturdy product worked in amazon works .

647: pos:	Great phone.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

648: neg:	When I placed my treo into the case, not only was it NOT snug, but there was A LOT of extra room on the sides.	 

			neg: although it is into the iphone and the game did not work but i did not use a great idea of those of it .

			pos: although it is into the iphone and the game not still i didn t work as that s just a lot of us .

649: pos:	I'm pleased.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

650: neg:	Battery is terrible.	 

			neg: as there are one is .

			pos: fine i really isn t good on but does i just you life unit just but you good cover but stuff but you just this does but isn not but .

651: pos:	I found the product to be easy to set up and use.	 

			neg: haven t have owned a lot easier to charge in num_num months .

			pos: haven t have owned a lot easier to replace the water num_num times .

652: neg:	The earpiece on this is too large or too heavy...it keeps falling out of my ear.	 

			neg: especially with this size ! are easy to be too quickly didn t look like one .

			pos: but the problem and it is easier enough or look an hour and didn t have either .

653: neg:	Utter crap.. Sound quality is TERRIBLE.	 

			neg: and it really good product is .

			pos: and it really good product is .

654: neg:	The charger arrived within the promised timeframe, but it did not work.	 

			neg: although it was getting my pocket day and it would not num_extend

			pos: although it was able to my iphone screen on these would be .

655: pos:	No ear loop needed, it's tiny and the sound is great.	 

			neg: ended up that my screen look like is a num_extend screen .

			pos: always had well , not num_num minutes of the num_extend is terrible .

656: neg:	Finally, after three or four times the spring of the latch broke and I could not use it any longer on the visor.	 

			neg: after a new iphone out of my son has an two times , and will last longer of it on the lot .

			pos: after a new iphone out of my son has some one and it s a lot of two of it on me .

657: pos:	The handsfree part works fine, but then the car tries to download the address book, and the Treo reboots.Overall, I still rate this device high.	 

			neg: couldn t work , only num_num months but it comes out of the phone and it was not a new device for it .

			pos: couldn t work , only num_num months but it to keep the phone , but it is not a new device for it .

658: neg:	Talk about USELESS customer service.	 

			neg: and i really ever and .

			pos: and i really ever and .

659: neg:	It felt too light and "tinny.".	 

			neg: looked like very great for is .

			pos: looked like very great for is .

660: neg:	This does not fit the Palm Tungsten E2 and it broke the first time I tried to plug it in.	 

			neg: but the screen does will keep the phone and i have a month , it was not even after the phone .

			pos: but the screen does will keep the phone , i bought the phone on the iphone and it s getting it .

661: pos:	I'm happy about this purchase- good quality and low price.	 

			neg: then this for other the other tea plastic maker too .

			pos: then this for other the other tea plastic maker too .

662: pos:	I love the look and feel of Samsung flipphones.	 

			neg: iphone is it makes and easy if not good .

			pos: iphone is it makes and easy if not good .

663: pos:	Its well-designed and very sharp -- the blue is a very nice color.	 

			neg: it is and very difficult for the phone all a little good .

			pos: it is and very difficult for the phone all a little good .

664: pos:	Does everything it should and more.	 

			neg: sometimes it is it very first .

			pos: sometimes it is it very first .

665: neg:	I could not recommend these more.	 

			neg: just i will be buying these are ever .

			pos: just i will be buying these are ever .

666: pos:	Nice Sound.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

667: neg:	Looks good in the picture, but this case was a huge disappointment!!	 

			neg: otherwise , just like the num_num times this case was large from amazon .

			pos: is for the great device , i ordered a perfect size ! .

668: pos:	Much less than the jawbone I was going to replace it with.	 

			neg: seemed to be a thing was going back for this problems at the reason .

			pos: who really a problem , but gave up we have been good .

669: pos:	Setup went very smoothly.	 

			neg: and it worked just disappointed . not . then .

			pos: my so really didn work .

670: neg:	its extremely slow and takes forever to do anything with it.	 

			neg: its very difficult for all or it to make things with .

			pos: its very difficult for all or it to make things with .

671: neg:	A must study for anyone interested in the "worst sins" of industrial design.	 

			neg: would be fine for these large game that didn t hold the other .

			pos: would be fine for these large game that didn t hold the other .

672: neg:	The first thing that happened was that the tracking was off.	 

			neg: otherwise has had said and i d have num_num months this is .

			pos: otherwise has had said and i d have num_num months this is .

673: pos:	It is well made, easy to access the phone and has a handy, detachable belt clip.	 

			neg: cooks works fine to work a bit , and it was a great set .

			pos: cooks works fine to work a bit , and it was a great set .

674: neg:	Then I had to continue pairing it periodically since it somehow kept dropping.	 

			neg: seemed to love to get mine and took it , two years .

			pos: seemed to love to get mine and took it , two years .

675: neg:	Can't upload ringtones from a third party.	 

			neg: sent , gave up in reviews .

			pos: sent , gave up in reviews .

676: neg:	Bluetooth does not work, phone locks up, screens just flash up and now it just makes calls randomly while in my pocket locked.	 

			neg: the num_num is the battery makes it works great . . . but the back up and came out of the phone , at all .

			pos: the num_num is the battery makes it works great . . . but the num_num minutes up and it is a lot for the phone .

677: neg:	Truly awful.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

678: pos:	It works fine on my Motorola 325 cellphone, and a lot better than the worn-out battery did.	 

			neg: looked fine , but it broke a few minutes of them , from the new one .

			pos: looked fine , but it broke a few minutes of them , from the new one .

679: pos:	The volume for the ringer is REAL good (you have choices how loud).	 

			neg: needed a lot because the screen is that came out of this works .

			pos: especially much a problem and the num_extend is that doesn t bother me ! .

680: neg:	And none of the tones is acceptable.	 

			neg: perhaps it is an this works high .

			pos: perhaps it is an this very good device .

681: neg:	camera color balance is AWFUL.	 

			neg: first is needed a good .

			pos: first is needed a good .

682: neg:	This product is clearly not ready for prime time, I don't care how cool it looks, if you can't tell a call is coming in it's worthless.	 

			neg: unfortunately , num_num have is both of them and it , so you could not like it and a lot of it , and needs .

			pos: unfortunately that does not work when the num_num days of them . . . . . . i can t feel like it s an hour of a few hours .

683: pos:	I love the ringtones because they are so upbeat!	 

			neg: still i don t like num_num month that are nothing .

			pos: still i don t use one things so long .

684: neg:	Chinese Forgeries Abound!.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

685: pos:	Easy to pair with my Samsung Cell.	 

			neg: according to replace it with my favorite .

			pos: for some uses if it and didn t .

686: neg:	The instructions didn't explain that a microphone jack could be used.	 

			neg: all i m going like a new part of two different .

			pos: all i m going to read and an issue may work .

687: neg:	i would advise to not purchase this item it never worked very well.	 

			neg: i would be able to only this item it never worked very .

			pos: i would be able to only this item it never worked very .

688: neg:	Too bad you have to pay up to $$$ a month for the service!	 

			neg: not that you get to me to be a month and have been fine .

			pos: not that you get to me to be a month and have been fine .

689: pos:	Works well.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

690: neg:	The nokia CA-42 USB cable did not work with my phone.	 

			neg: perhaps it is and it just only is going after a refund .

			pos: getting food . this is just ordered no issues with my ear .

691: pos:	Clear crisp sound.	 

			neg: , after not just think you .

			pos: my kitchen will just but .

692: pos:	I have to use the smallest earpieces provided, but it stays on pretty well.	 

			neg: comes with one of it and it is able to replace it up up .

			pos: comes on num_extend of it to install one and it comes through just fine .

693: neg:	The biggest complaint I have is, the battery drains superfast.	 

			neg: usually have good for it should didn t work this screen .

			pos: usually have good for it should didn t work this screen .

694: neg:	The design might be ergonomic in theory but I could not stand having these in my ear.	 

			neg: isn t a better amount of num_num cup . . . . i just had not have a month in .

			pos: isn t a better amount of num_num cup . . . . i just had not have a month in .

695: neg:	Do NOT buy if you want to use the holster.	 

			neg: sometimes have for you like you pay for a problem .

			pos: not since if you need to use of my taste .

696: pos:	The phone can also take great pictures and even video clips.	 

			neg: galaxy num_extend side makes the num_num or num_num and it are at .

			pos: galaxy num_extend side makes the num_num or num_num months with glass pans .

697: neg:	It doesn't make you look cool.	 

			neg: but it makes do it really .

			pos: but it makes do it really .

698: pos:	Because both ears are occupied, background is not distracting at all.	 

			neg: both have very that are not a num_extend came out more .

			pos: both have very that are not a num_extend came out more .

699: pos:	Comfortable fit - you need your headset to be comfortable for at least an hour at a time, if not for an entire day.	 

			neg: looks like it will take to replace to be a month , but we can be looking for an hour in an hour .

			pos: looks like it will take to replace to be a month , but we can be looking for an hour in an hour .

700: neg:	Also, the phone doesn't seem to accept anything except CBR mp3s, preferably ripped by Windows Media Player.	 

			neg: my screen comes out of all things to send them from the $ num_num of course .

			pos: my screen comes out of all with more of them and would be able to install .

701: pos:	You can't beat the price on these.	 

			neg: felt you very product didn t care .

			pos: felt you very product didn t use .

702: pos:	* Comes with a strong light that you can use to light up your camera shots, and even flash SOS signals (seriously!	 

			neg: then you feel of cooking , to be able to have a little heavy and it s very difficult to charge .

			pos: then you feel of cooking , to be able to have a little heavy and it s very difficult to charge .

703: pos:	lightweight and works well.	 

			neg: and was going easy . but .

			pos: and was going easy . but .

704: neg:	So just beware.	 

			neg: my hair will just cable .

			pos: my hair will just cable .

705: pos:	I love this cable - it allows me to connect any mini-USB device to my PC.	 

			neg: although i m only it was able to keep it and get it to a set .

			pos: although i really love this device and keep it out of this little on the car .

706: neg:	So anyone near you will hear part of your conversation.	 

			neg: but there won t stay on the quality way that should .

			pos: but there won t stay on the quality you are the .

707: pos:	This is cool because most cases are just open there allowing the screen to get all scratched up.	 

			neg: otherwise , which is the price was really made in the noise down to the screen protector .

			pos: otherwise , which is the price was really made in the noise down to the screen protector .

708: neg:	I bought this phone as a replacement for my StarTac and have regretted it since.	 

			neg: needed this was as a year ago in and it was trying to the time .

			pos: needed this was as a year ago in and it was trying to the time .

709: pos:	Appears to actually outperform the original battery from China that came with my V325i.	 

			neg: needless to all the new unit is just bought for my face for the results .

			pos: needless to all the new unit is over num_num years with this pan ! .

710: neg:	Can't store anything but phone numbers to SIM.	 

			neg: nothing to work , then one of strong .

			pos: sometimes comes apart and it is a try .

711: neg:	It lasts less than 3o minutes, if I actually try to use the phone.My wife has the same phone with the same problem.	 

			neg: already who is a bunch of these for something , it is the two times , but it didn t have to the time .

			pos: having great idea of num_num of these , with two of the price , but it s didn t fit the same time .

712: neg:	Poor quality.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

713: pos:	jabra ear gels "R" the best!.	 

			neg: was even some however this screen .

			pos: and it worked must see me .

714: neg:	Not worth it.	 

			neg: , after not wouldn t .

			pos: , after not wouldn t .

715: neg:	The phone crashed completely and now I have to get it replaced.	 

			neg: both like water was very so i didn t get to it .

			pos: sometimes the phone and looks so because you will get it out .

716: pos:	It quit working after I'd used it for about 18 months, so I just purchased another one because this is the best headset I've ever owned.	 

			neg: he can still used it for about it for num_num stars and it was looking for the best version of this one star only .

			pos: he can still use with it for about num_num stars for one and it is one of this one of these because i would work .

717: neg:	Unfortunately it will not recharge my iPhone 4s, despite connecting it from multiple power sources (iMac, external battery, wall outlet, etc).	 

			neg: nothing doesn t go over all reviews with it is two of a few hours or two of times .

			pos: these fit in it s just one , he needs to the num_num minutes and didn t seem to num_num times .

718: pos:	It was a great phone.	 

			neg: and my really good device .

			pos: and my really good device .

719: neg:	if you simply want a small flip phone -- look elsewhere as the extra bells & whistles are mediocre.	 

			neg: if you are a lot , which is no longer and it came out and can not work .

			pos: if you are a lot , which is no longer and it came out and can not work .

720: pos:	Good value, works fine - power via USB, car, or wall outlet.	 

			neg: switch works and the num_num cups , nothing to work a refund .

			pos: switch works and the num_num cups , nothing to work a refund .

721: pos:	My phone doesn't slide around my car now and the grip prevents my phone from slipping out of my hand.	 

			neg: and it is right up my and use , it was a screen protector to the num_num cup in them .

			pos: and it is right up my and use , it was all over a little bit for the oven .

722: pos:	This is simply the BEST bluetooth headset for sound quality!	 

			neg: usually don t feel not only bought as the cheap .

			pos: usually don t feel not only bought as the cheap .

723: neg:	Think it over when you plan to own this one!This sure is the last MOTO phone for me!	 

			neg: after the phone if you use it might be using it and it didn t be one now .

			pos: after the phone if you use it might be using it and it didn t be ok but it .

724: pos:	In the span of an hour, I had two people exclaim "Whoa - is that the new phone on TV?!?	 

			neg: none of a lot of one had no issues with this num_num is just bought this is a try .

			pos: none of a lot of one they re just had two years and they really has a new one .

725: pos:	I have always used corded headsets and the freedom from the wireless is very helpful.	 

			neg: only can even say this is so a set to be a num_extend num_extend

			pos: none of them s just bought , and it can just just work perfect .

726: pos:	This case has passed the one year mark and while it shows signs of wear, it is 100% functional.	 

			neg: although the case is it got a few times so it s a lot of times and it s too .

			pos: although the case is it got a few times so it s a lot of times and it s too .

727: pos:	Other than that, the leather is nice and soft; the fit is very tight; the cut out for the face is a good shape.	 

			neg: but you really like a phone is a screen and it seems to the screen and will not like a few minutes .

			pos: but you really like a phone is a screen and it up to make the screen protector , but it is just fine .

728: pos:	It has everything I need and I couldn't ask for more.	 

			neg: although it is done that it is num_num for it , new .

			pos: case are it s right and comes for more times , .

729: neg:	After receiving and using the product for just 2 days it broke.	 

			neg: stopped s fine for this thing and didn t work with my old .

			pos: stopped s fine for this thing a month and two uses it .

730: pos:	This product is great... it makes working a lot easier I can go to the copier while waiting on hold for something.	 

			neg: unfortunately , they was not a lot to clean them makes it to get an hour and had to put them .

			pos: course and it s not a little bit that made in the water to charge to send it from a month .

731: neg:	None of the three sizes they sent with the headset would stay in my ears.	 

			neg: unfortunately to make it all about two of it i got a lot of this .

			pos: unfortunately to make the num_num stars with them the same case of having a problem .

732: pos:	T-Mobile has the best customer service anywhere.	 

			neg: unfortunately , it was not other times .

			pos: unfortunately , it was not other times .

733: pos:	Arrived quickly and much less expensive than others being sold.	 

			neg: each long , are too small for the price .

			pos: each long , are too small for the price .

734: neg:	We have tried 2 units and they both failed within 2 months.. Pros	 

			neg: none of these use it works great with it and gave me the iphone .

			pos: none of these use it works great with it and gave me the iphone .

735: pos:	Provides good protection and looks classy, too.	 

			neg: cable are and all and it really .

			pos: cable are and all and it really .

736: pos:	Krussel Always good.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

737: pos:	The tracfonewebsite is user friendly and makes it easy toactivate, etc.	 

			neg: not that is a few days of water of everything is done .

			pos: not that is a few days of water makes it works fine .

738: pos:	The design is very good.4.	 

			neg: first or is not very .

			pos: first or is not very .

739: pos:	I great reception all the time.	 

			neg: and not very my favorite . .

			pos: and not very in amazon should .

740: pos:	I would highly recommend this product.	 

			neg: unfortunately they were would only even .

			pos: although not these that i really .

741: neg:	Couldn't use the unit with sunglasses, not good in Texas!	 

			neg: sometimes like my device will work like a num_num of .

			pos: sometimes like my device will work like a num_num of .

742: neg:	It dit not work most of the time with my Nokia 5320.	 

			neg: none are the num_extend version of the phone with this phone .

			pos: none are the num_extend model of the phone with this phone .

743: neg:	Bought mainly for the charger, which broke soon after purchasing.	 

			neg: sometimes this is like getting a year before it worked .

			pos: sometimes this is to replace my num_extend i bought the iphone .

744: neg:	If you like a loud buzzing to override all your conversations, then this phone is for you!	 

			neg: unless you don t hold my skin , look an two , but he s perfect .

			pos: if not , making you don t be a while working . . . . but not a year s fine .

745: pos:	Fantastic buy and will get again for whatever my next phone is	 

			neg: thank you am in any for me so this unit a few times .

			pos: try , but worth it out for my old product pan is .

746: neg:	stay away from this store, be careful.	 

			neg: look for the num_num than another very .

			pos: look for the num_num than another very .

747: pos:	This BlueAnt Supertooth hands-free phone speaker is AWESOME.	 

			neg: having is day and it is also useless .

			pos: having is done and only a great results .

748: neg:	Does not fit.	 

			neg: exactly , not not but . just i just you but the just i just it does i just you just . . just this does but will just this does but you just it does only can just only can .

			pos: , it just not wish . . just . .

749: pos:	.... Item arrived quickly and works great with my Metro PCS Samsung SCH-r450 slider phone and Sony Premium Sound in ear plugs.	 

			neg: protects it works great , and still used the phone for the num_extend which is all for the phone .

			pos: protects it works great , and still used it a great product and it works great for the oven .

750: pos:	It is light, has plenty of battery capacity, and is very confortable to wear for somewhat extended periods of time.	 

			neg: colors like is not exactly a week , and really works like num_num of it up and had a lot .

			pos: usually don t work a set , still are great and came out , that can be able to install .

751: neg:	disappointing.	 

			neg: what its an than not but did .

			pos: what its an than not but not when . just if but the cord . but not didn t like but you just this but the just but you life .

752: pos:	Blue Ant is easy to use.	 

			neg: and it makes good for some protection .

			pos: and it makes good for some protection .

753: pos:	Cheap but hey it works.. Was pleasantly suprised given the low cost of this item.	 

			neg: but the num_num stars , it worked . . the good type of those who would .

			pos: but not happy with the original num_num of these of all of one of it .

754: neg:	The camera on the phone may be used as a dustpan when indoors... I'd rather be using a disposable then this.	 

			neg: but the phone should have great for a few times to have a few months that can t look for me .

			pos: but the phone should have great for a few times to have a good luck and they can t work over .

755: neg:	Then a few days later the a puff of smoke came out of the phone while in use.	 

			neg: within a few num_extend s a lot of times and the two of bread in the oven .

			pos: my hair too small my son is some a day , and took a lot of the oven .

756: pos:	It's very convenient and simple to use - gets job done & makes the car ride so much smoother.	 

			neg: sometimes is easy and they are nice , it and doesn t hold and it works really it worked .

			pos: cleans very good enough and it makes use and the lid which the screen and they re working great .

757: neg:	The nano stated it.My son was dissapointed.	 

			neg: called it is using old unit works .

			pos: charges of these and this new one case .

758: pos:	The sound quality is excellent as well.	 

			neg: sound like is great first at first .

			pos: is there is a good cable with a battery .

759: pos:	Its the best headset I have used.	 

			neg: my dog should have years ago it should .

			pos: my dog should have years ago it should .

760: neg:	Would not reccommend.	 

			neg: exactly , not not but . just i just you but the just i just it does i just you just . . just this does but will just this does but you just it does only can just only can .

			pos: , it just not wish . . just . .

761: pos:	They have been around for years and carries the highest quality of anti-glare screen protector that I have found to date.	 

			neg: didn t expect it to use and a product and could not be a good idea of these things it is .

			pos: got some of it for and , and this is not a little longer than that i needed a new headset .

762: pos:	Just what I wanted.	 

			neg: when now will feel . i .

			pos: when now will feel . i .

763: neg:	This particular model would not work with my Motorola Q smartphone.	 

			neg: may i m buying the really only num_num of when everything just .

			pos: rather wish there was an these num_num of it and it is .

764: neg:	wont work right or atleast for me.	 

			neg: worked like no work in about as .

			pos: worked when look great with for a reason .

765: neg:	in addition it feels &amp; looks as if the phone is all lightweight cheap plastic.	 

			neg: in like it all up as it is the case is very good or .

			pos: in using the water phone ! it is the case was very large and .

766: neg:	But now that it is "out of warranty" the same problems reoccure.Bottom line... put your money somewhere else... Cingular will not support it.	 

			neg: num_extend i am able to love a lot of these has been going to all , it s just really in there .

			pos: num_extend i am able to love a lot of these have a lot of these and it s really a lot of them .

767: neg:	I really wanted the Plantronics 510 to be the right one, but it has too many issues for me.The good	 

			neg: ended up that didn t be able to the screen protectors on it , but they were good for me .

			pos: ended up that didn t be able to the screen protector with it was looking at that s a new num_extend

768: pos:	Great product.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

769: pos:	Crisp and Clear.	 

			neg: as how two is but .

			pos: as how two is but .

770: neg:	AFter the first charge kept going dead after 12 minutes.	 

			neg: the other unit into it works num_num after any coffee .

			pos: the works in the day num_num year out on both .

771: neg:	VERY cheap plastic, creaks like an old wooden floor.	 

			neg: there is and used the kind of num_num stars .

			pos: there is and used the kind of num_num stars .

772: neg:	I get absolutely horrible reception in my apartment, where with other phones I have not had this problem.	 

			neg: another screen of them , the coffee with the num_num stars , so i would have to read .

			pos: none of all day to use the most bucks and it s about one of this product .

773: pos:	The reception has been generally good.	 

			neg: and it may have a month .

			pos: and it may have a month .

774: pos:	Excellent sound, battery life and inconspicuous to boot!.	 

			neg: usually have num_num months was too in things .

			pos: those good charge was very pleased to spend too .

775: pos:	Great bluetooth!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

776: pos:	I highly recommend this case.	 

			neg: now with not wish i can .

			pos: now with not wish i can before .

777: pos:	WORTHWHILE.	 

			neg: what its an than not but did .

			pos: what its an than not but not when . just if but the cord . but not didn t like but you just this but the just but you life .

778: pos:	This is a great deal.	 

			neg: and the good little ok .

			pos: and the good little ok .

779: neg:	After my phone got to be about a year old, it's been slowly breaking despite much care on my part.	 

			neg: my num_num times in it is at least two of it and had to work on two of it .

			pos: my num_num times in it is at least two of using it is at least two of it .

780: neg:	I am sorry I made this purchase.	 

			neg: so the other pans of them in others .

			pos: so the other pans of them in others .

781: neg:	I bought these hoping I could make my Bluetooth headset fit better but these things made it impossible to wear.	 

			neg: already that i bought just would have an hour and it s two years or they re an hour .

			pos: perhaps so i gave it is an issue of these over num_num weeks with that they are not able to me .

782: neg:	Treo and T-Mobile refused to replace it again and forced me to buy another phone without any kind of upgrade discount.	 

			neg: looked fine for us , we didn t work at it , but they will didn t help to a lot .

			pos: looked fine for us , we didn t work at it , but they could not get an two minutes .

783: neg:	It was horrible!.	 

			neg: my husband they just one was . . .

			pos: my husband they just one was . . .

784: neg:	I don't think it would hold it too securly on your belt.	 

			neg: not that as it isn t take forever and get it out .

			pos: not that as it isn t take forever and get it out .

785: neg:	This allows the possibility of double booking for the same date and time after the first.	 

			neg: perhaps the bags of the num_num times to see it and got num_num of it right .

			pos: perhaps the bags of the num_num times to see it and got num_num of it right .

786: neg:	They work about 2 weeks then break.	 

			neg: sometimes that worked with once only too .

			pos: looked much better day and i really break .

787: pos:	It is simple to use and I like it.	 

			neg: tastes good weight to work and this is to like .

			pos: tastes good weight to work and this is to like .

788: pos:	It's a great tool for entertainment, communication, and data management.Oh, be sure to use ActiveSync 4.2 for optimal data synchronization results!	 

			neg: a new plastic cord , with num_num months and can t recommend it to be pleased to replace my num_extend num_extend

			pos: a new stainless steel for the car and needed to be looking for me that it s just a long time .

789: neg:	I can't use this case because the smell is disgusting.	 

			neg: sometimes have coffee as i like the color should work .

			pos: sometimes have coffee as i like the color should work .

790: neg:	NOT WHAT I WANTED.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

791: pos:	I own 2 of these cases and would order another.	 

			neg: these are in that try both reviews that have one .

			pos: these large pans of these cases and one of these .

792: pos:	Great Phone.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

793: pos:	I bought this battery with a coupon from Amazon and I'm very happy with my purchase.	 

			neg: but it works i didn t want a few hours and at all times for it .

			pos: but it works i didn t want a few hours and at all times for it .

794: neg:	The internet access was fine, it the rare instance that it worked.	 

			neg: check all charger and it should have num_num weeks of it ! .

			pos: check all charger and it should have num_num weeks of it ! .

795: pos:	Perfect for the PS3.	 

			neg: as how will just . on .

			pos: as how will just . on .

796: pos:	Five star Plus, plus.	 

			neg: as far not for is on one .

			pos: as far not for quality .

797: pos:	A good quality bargain.. I bought this after I bought a cheapy from Big Lots that sounded awful and people on the other end couldn't hear me.	 

			neg: called is a num_num years because it s just had to use and one but they re just a new one of their money .

			pos: oxo is great for and i would never use for a month , num_num stars is not for a lot of these instead of them .

798: neg:	$50 Down the drain.	 

			neg: as your only just .

			pos: as your only just .

799: neg:	I tried talking real loud but shouting on the telephone gets old and I was still told it wasn't great.	 

			neg: nothing that didn t work , at the game was not now and it was great for two times .

			pos: he s not enough that the num_num of the iphone one and it is still as much one .

800: pos:	Good , works fine.	 

			neg: as well isn t so .

			pos: as well isn t so .

801: pos:	For the price this was a great deal.	 

			neg: there was in this was just a very .

			pos: there was in one was a very poor .

802: pos:	Great price, too!	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

803: neg:	If there is a wind, it is completely useless.	 

			neg: there is a month of all it is very .

			pos: there is a month of all it is very .

804: pos:	Yes it's shiny on front side - and I love it!	 

			neg: usually have easy for the lid a few uses that battery .

			pos: sometimes have great like the pan out good time was better .

805: neg:	Does Not Work.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

806: neg:	At first I thought I was grtting a good deal at $7.44, until I plugged it into my phone (V3c Razr).	 

			neg: also for others has a good item and sent them a few times to use it in my phone at all .

			pos: also for others was a good product s num_num minutes , but took it over a while getting a week .

807: pos:	The reception through this headset is excellent.	 

			neg: looked in there had this was different .

			pos: looked in there had this was different .

808: pos:	2 thumbs up to this seller	 

			neg: and it seems a reason this .

			pos: and it seems a reason this .

809: pos:	I have a Verizon LG phone and they work well together, good reception and range that exceeds 20 feet line of sight.	 

			neg: this is pretty like it works perfect well and they are good , but that is a num_num of course .

			pos: this great like it looks good when they work and works great . . . . i m a good idea of things for me .

810: neg:	Improper description.... I had to return it.	 

			neg: looked in these than having been well .

			pos: each reason is been used for the dog .

811: pos:	#1 It Works - #2 It is Comfortable.	 

			neg: needed the price , needed these quality is .

			pos: needed the price , they were also great .

812: pos:	Battery charge-life is quite long.	 

			neg: and it really nice i look .

			pos: and it really nice .

813: pos:	The Jabra EarGels fit my ears very well.	 

			neg: usually have easy on both the num_extend etc .

			pos: usually have easy on both the num_extend etc .

814: neg:	Battery has no life.	 

			neg: as there just the works . can .

			pos: as there just the works . can .

815: neg:	I checked everywhere and there is no feature for it which is really disappointing.	 

			neg: protects them , and not really , but it is having a new life .

			pos: protects them , and really not use , the new one that is really .

816: pos:	Product is exactly as described.	 

			neg: and the num_extend headset is when just .

			pos: and the num_extend headset is when just .

817: pos:	Gets a signal when other Verizon phones won't.	 

			neg: a month all of years and these are advertised .

			pos: a month all of years and these different .

818: neg:	Doesn't do the job.	 

			neg: , they will just .

			pos: , they will just .

819: pos:	I would recommend it.	 

			neg: as never really i are .

			pos: my highly really i are .

820: pos:	Plan on ordering from them again and again.	 

			neg: spend for the num_num hours with num_num and .

			pos: spend for the num_num hours with num_num and .

821: pos:	That being said, for a phone, the camera is very nice; many cool effects to play with, and video is decent as well.	 

			neg: needless to now the product is all in num_num minutes . . . . i m really like to be a few months now , etc .

			pos: each reason , although the screen protector s a few minutes of them to say , but the num_num is a few minutes .

822: pos:	I have been very satisfied with this cell phone from day one.	 

			neg: it is been able to work before this is a num_num times .

			pos: it is been able to work before this is a num_num times .

823: pos:	They keep getting better and better (this is my third one and I've had numerous Palms too).	 

			neg: didn t even work better than num_num months ago , the only good for the num_num stars .

			pos: didn t even work better than num_num months ago , this is only a num_num stars for .

824: neg:	Awkward to use and unreliable.	 

			neg: fine we can work as .

			pos: fine we can work as .

825: pos:	The shipping time was also very quick!	 

			neg: usually it and was exactly all really .

			pos: usually it and was exactly all really .

826: neg:	Not as good as I had hoped.	 

			neg: recently , was and had one of again .

			pos: felt like good as one used in others .

827: pos:	Good case!.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

828: neg:	Doesn't Work.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

829: pos:	Really good product.	 

			neg: as why not was great . .

			pos: as well probably isn off . but one .

830: neg:	Unfortunately it did not work.	 

			neg: my highly make it was not .

			pos: my highly make it was not .

831: neg:	All three broke within two months of use.	 

			neg: sent several just got three minutes of one at .

			pos: sent several just got three minutes of one at .

832: neg:	dont buy it.	 

			neg: , i will be glad you . but you i just buy you didn you wanted but you .

			pos: , i will be glad you . but you i just buy you didn you wanted but you .

833: neg:	My father has the V265, and the battery is dying.	 

			neg: dont believe it fits the num_num times , just works .

			pos: usually like the phone has worked in amazon was great .

834: neg:	However, the ear pads come off easily and after only one week I lost one.	 

			neg: not use the num_num bit made together and did never purchased one at all this battery .

			pos: not use the ear look around num_num times and it only after a few times .

835: neg:	The calls drop, the phone comes on and off at will, the screen goes black and the worst of all it stops ringing intermittently.	 

			neg: nothing was in a day and it comes off and takes up the phone , but just a lot of these .

			pos: nothing was in a day and it comes off and takes up the phone , but just a lot of these .

836: neg:	Horrible, horrible protector.	 

			neg: my skin will just wish . .

			pos: my skin will just ok .

837: neg:	I don't like this Nokia either.	 

			neg: and it would like using all .

			pos: and it would like using all .

838: neg:	Reaching for the bottom row is uncomfortable, and the send and end keys are not where I expect them to be.3.	 

			neg: for the screen like it is a few times and will not want a better luck with it is not .

			pos: needed in my device is very in my dog is not , so you ll just expect it out of them .

839: neg:	I have bought this Nokia cell phone a few weeks ago and it was a nightmare.	 

			neg: none of these because it is a few months he loves it was a coffee .

			pos: hopefully it had that arrived a great phone since he has a few times .

840: neg:	It would take too long to describe how bad my customer service experience has been with Amazon.	 

			neg: would be working by they look by this , so the other reviewers of this review .

			pos: would be working long to me , even , this is only to find this one .

841: neg:	the only VERY DISAPPOINTING thing was there was NO SPEAKERPHONE!!!!	 

			neg: it does only reason of love the battery works like the old .

			pos: it does only need was the item that looks this num_extend

842: neg:	Terrible.. My car will not accept this cassette.	 

			neg: otherwise it works to the only really this product .

			pos: otherwise it works to should only charge a reason .

843: neg:	Product is useless, since it does not have enough charging current to charge the 2 cellphones I was planning to use it with.	 

			neg: usually , but it works also doesn t stay on a few hours of it is not for a month of them .

			pos: usually , but it works also doesn t stay on a few hours of it is not for the num_num years of them .

844: neg:	It's not what it says it is.	 

			neg: both of it s if it did .

			pos: both of it s if it did .

845: neg:	Stay Away From the Q!.	 

			neg: and it not a reason .

			pos: and it seems this is on .

846: neg:	Used and dirty.	 

			neg: as how two is but .

			pos: as how two is but .

847: neg:	Very unreliable service from T-mobile !	 

			neg: is sure and not as much .

			pos: is sure and not as much .

848: neg:	Not good enough for the price.	 

			neg: and not and looking for the battery .

			pos: works in from and i can .

849: neg:	I bought two of them and neither will charge.	 

			neg: gave these or this at all last of these .

			pos: gave these or this back and these of me .

850: pos:	It looks very nice.	 

			neg: well also really well .

			pos: well also really well .

851: pos:	This is an excellent tool, especially when paired with your phone's auto-answer.	 

			neg: usually can be a first num_num month when it makes them to .

			pos: usually can be a first num_num month when it makes them to .

852: pos:	I have read other's reviews here but I haven't had any problem with it.	 

			neg: of these product size . i am good one to try on it s way .

			pos: of these product size . i am good one to try on it s way .

853: neg:	These products cover up the important light sensor above the ear outlet.	 

			neg: batteries don t be a cover there is a lot of iphone screen .

			pos: batteries don t be the pan just really see all set are .

854: pos:	Comfortable in my hand.	 

			neg: , my two of case .

			pos: , my two of case .

855: neg:	Just does not work.	 

			neg: as not not my really .

			pos: as not not my really .

856: neg:	Poor Reliability.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

857: pos:	(It works!)	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

858: neg:	If I take a picture, the battery drops a bar, and starts beeping, letting me know its dieing.	 

			neg: they also large to my iphone just the screen and said , they are almost it worked .

			pos: they also large to my iphone just the screen and said , they are almost it worked .

859: neg:	Terrible product, and waste of money!	 

			neg: and will be knife , looking too .

			pos: and it is large for this metal .

860: neg:	Last time buying from you.	 

			neg: once i can last which can .

			pos: once i can last which can .

861: neg:	It was a waste of my money.	 

			neg: was supposed for a kind of this well in one .

			pos: was supposed for a kind of my hands .

862: pos:	So far it has worked like a charm.	 

			neg: usually it is this works an months of course .

			pos: usually it is this works an months of course .

863: pos:	I have only had it for a few weeks, but so far, so good.	 

			neg: not i would buy this for a num_num months so i m going used .

			pos: not i would buy this for a num_num months so i m going used .

864: pos:	But, in any case, the best part is, you can download these pictures to your laptop using IR, or even send pictures from your laptop to the phone.	 

			neg: without a problem , would make a day , i could be used it to be a lot of them ? or for the floor for the store .

			pos: without a problem , would make a day , i won t make forever to use to be a month or with a lot of them .

865: pos:	Would recommend this item.	 

			neg: since will not wish .

			pos: since will not wish .

866: pos:	It's been my choice headset for years.Great sound; good volume; good noise cancellation.	 

			neg: getting a problem because it is using num_num months , is more life .

			pos: keep my second thing and i own one is good or coffee .

867: pos:	Nice case, feels good in your hands.	 

			neg: looked in is very in the kitchen .

			pos: seemed easy it is easy if your screen .

868: neg:	The item received was Counterfeit.	 

			neg: was glad i was just .

			pos: was glad i was just .

869: pos:	Just really good.. So far, probably the best BT headset I have ever had.	 

			neg: two is not much of amazon also never had a reason i only problem .

			pos: two is made one really said it was the old review if it s problem .

870: pos:	Works fine.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

871: pos:	I received my headset in good time and was happy with it.	 

			neg: charges as it was in my husband and am glad it worked .

			pos: charges as it was in my husband and works because it looks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .

872: pos:	I was very pleased to see that I could replace my well travled swivel holster for my Blackberry flip.	 

			neg: both , which is even of this for a month ago , but it s just a gift .

			pos: both , which is even of this for a month ago , but it s a couple times .

873: pos:	My sister has one also and she loves it.	 

			neg: not that this is the first num_num year before looks .

			pos: of these was the handle was so so my new .

874: pos:	Good Quality.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

875: neg:	This is by far the worst purchase I've made on Amazon.	 

			neg: , num_num is no review , it were been very for the .

			pos: , num_num are a best problem with one or three of it .

876: pos:	Excellent dual-purpose headset.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

877: pos:	Excellent!.	 

			neg: what its an than not but did .

			pos: what its an than not but not when . just if but the cord . but not didn t like but you just this but the just but you life .

878: neg:	Does not work for listening to music with the cingular 8125.	 

			neg: not so a month or this is even on the hair .

			pos: not bought up , so you really put it for me .

879: pos:	It seems completely secure, both holding on to my belt, and keeping the iPhone inside.	 

			neg: there just look a month and will charge the few months of my own .

			pos: there just look a month and it right to my husband and can see them .

880: neg:	The bottowm line...another worthless, cheap gimmick from Sprint.	 

			neg: usually have long is two different than my really .

			pos: usually have long is two different than my really .

881: neg:	Having trouble with volume.	 

			neg: when they really have so .

			pos: when they really have so .

882: pos:	The only good thing was that it fits comfortably on small ears.	 

			neg: those good headset has found this is when it takes a few .

			pos: those good thing works because it is it has to be fine .

883: neg:	WARNING - DO NOT BUY!!.	 

			neg: and it really purchased all .

			pos: and it really purchased all .

884: pos:	I am pairing this with my iphone, and I could not be happier with it so far.	 

			neg: now you are when i got a num_num hours of the other ones to try them .

			pos: still like many times if it is almost stopped to get num_num stars to try again .

885: neg:	When it opens, the battery connection is broken and the device is turned off.	 

			neg: they also on the battery works great of the phone and have a num_extend

			pos: they also set it is just num_num months all of the product works great .

886: neg:	I didn't want the clip going over the top of my ear, causing discomfort.	 

			neg: that makes it back it didn t feel to the first day and will .

			pos: that makes it back it didn t feel to the first day and will .

887: pos:	Best headset ever!!!.	 

			neg: as i really have was .

			pos: as i really have was .

888: neg:	Don't trust their website and don't expect any helpful support.	 

			neg: usually get myself or most days with it seems like again .

			pos: perhaps some uses , so no review to buy different .

889: pos:	It was that loud.Glad to say that the Plantronics 510 maintains a flawless connection to my cell and with no static during normal use.	 

			neg: unfortunately that works to find me , they re a full charge is a month and took a lot at all .

			pos: however , so they really said , using them in a few minutes . . . . . . . but not a bit going easy to use .

890: neg:	The speaker is of low quality so as making the ring tones sound very cheap.	 

			neg: those good amount of coffee is at , and it does not be very well .

			pos: usually don t be perfect , and wanted to the phone and it looks great .

891: pos:	Fits comfortably, came with three sizes of earbud tips.	 

			neg: seemed like both that it back of cast iron .

			pos: picked them first used it were a lot star .

892: pos:	Excellent product for the price.	 

			neg: as what an issue was . in .

			pos: as what an issue was . in .

893: neg:	Bad Reception.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

894: neg:	This product is very High quality Chinese CRAP!!!!!!	 

			neg: has so the num_extend is large review are awesome .

			pos: has so the num_extend is large review are awesome .

895: pos:	It was quite comfortable in the ear.	 

			neg: loves the num_extend pan to charge stuff .

			pos: was working nice for a bit of this .

896: pos:	Great phone.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

897: neg:	Don't buy this product - It fails!.	 

			neg: especially i know if the other battery .

			pos: perhaps if it s this size work .

898: neg:	Everything about this product is wrong.First	 

			neg: and i will have good product .

			pos: and i will have good product .

899: pos:	The pairing of the two devices was so easy it barely took a couple minutes before I started making calls with the voice dialing feature.	 

			neg: sometimes the second num_num of them is both came out after making it is a few hours to keep it and came out .

			pos: gave it a lot and it was going back to replace the phone and it worked well to use it just a month .

900: neg:	This was utterly confusing at first, which caused me to lose a couple of very, very important contacts.	 

			neg: otherwise i m just use at least about a lot of these and can be able to clean .

			pos: although it is great for them and had more of a lot of num_num months to work .

901: neg:	Terrible phone holder.	 

			neg: my hair it just ok .

			pos: my hair it just was .

902: pos:	The cutouts and buttons are placed perfectly.	 

			neg: needed the tea is even a new stuff .

			pos: needed the tea is even a new stuff .

903: pos:	I love being able to use one headset for both by land-line and cell.	 

			neg: love some time i can use my new set was better enough for a refund .

			pos: love some time i can use my new set was better enough for a refund .

904: neg:	Problem is that the ear loops are made of weak material and break easily.	 

			neg: usually like is there is going to be short , and not work .

			pos: usually like is there is going to be sharp , is really pleased .

905: neg:	Not nearly as good looking as the AMAZON picture makes it look.	 

			neg: getting excellent price , and this does not like a lot there .

			pos: getting excellent value as good , it does not waste your iphone .

906: pos:	But despite these few flaws, this case is of exceptional quality and well worth the additional costs of owning an official OEM product.	 

			neg: two years . . and this is said , the num_extend is just for a lot of things like an hour , etc .

			pos: two years . . and this is the best coffee , and can be able to make it , and could be able to install .

907: neg:	How stupid is that?	 

			neg: as no reason is isn t .

			pos: fine i really isn .

908: pos:	I can hear while I'm driving in the car, and usually don't even have to put it on it's loudest setting.	 

			neg: keeps it and made in the iphone phone , at all of it for it had to replace the floor .

			pos: keeps these , easy to charge it and the screen protector that to buy it in it for a charm .

909: pos:	Seller shipped quickly and much cheaper than the competitors.	 

			neg: charges out , and too much of this is worth .

			pos: sometimes the kitchen and too much like a bad .

910: pos:	Good show, Samsung.	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

911: pos:	So I bought about 10 of these and saved alot of money.	 

			neg: one much so i really like this num_num years out of the other .

			pos: one much so i really like this num_num years out of the other .

912: neg:	It always cuts out and makes a beep beep beep sound then says signal failed.	 

			neg: both make pans by water is the screen of these and really like me .

			pos: both make pans by water is the screen of iphone and not more times .

913: neg:	Couldn't figure it out	 

			neg: my own will fit well you .

			pos: my own will fit well you .

914: neg:	My phone sounded OK ( not great - OK), but my wife's phone was almost totally unintelligible, she couldn't understand a word being said on it.	 

			neg: num_extend set is two is all of these and the battery was just as it works great , but it s two times on .

			pos: otherwise its looking num_num times up is the num_num stars and the phone was only good , but it works great on it on it .

915: neg:	So I had to take the battery out of the phone put it all back together and then restart it.	 

			neg: but you really like it up with a bit on the phone and it looks great with num_num minutes .

			pos: but you really like it up with a bit the unit and it looks great with a few hours .

916: neg:	While I managed to bend the leaf spring back in place, the metal now has enough stress that it will break on the next drop.	 

			neg: sometimes this is supposed to set out of the screen protector , but it s just a lot of these for the same .

			pos: sometimes this is supposed to set up with a little stuff and it s just a refund . . . . i ll have an hour of it .

917: pos:	Leopard Print is wonderfully wild!.	 

			neg: and it really was like me .

			pos: and it really good product .

918: pos:	Works for me.	 

			neg: as what something just bought .

			pos: as what something just bought .

919: neg:	Saggy, floppy piece of junk.	 

			neg: and the more part like .

			pos: and the more part like .

920: pos:	much better than the hard plastic cases.	 

			neg: much better looking in a very design .

			pos: much better looking in a very design .

921: neg:	It also had a new problem.	 

			neg: all i just had a new do one .

			pos: all i just had a new do one .

922: pos:	Happy so far!.	 

			neg: as how maybe not works .

			pos: as how these just but . . . but .

923: pos:	cool phone.	 

			neg: nicely when you really just like .

			pos: nicely when you really just .

924: pos:	Works good.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

925: pos:	Motorola finally got the voice quality of a bluetooth headset right.	 

			neg: then this was the first can be first saw these life .

			pos: still using this phone kind of a good purchase one expensive .

926: neg:	It looses connection to the phone even when it is within a couple feet between the two.	 

			neg: sometimes has started to clean on every month , it was easy to a couple times .

			pos: sometimes has started to clean on every month , it was easy to a couple times .

927: pos:	but it is great, i would really recommend it	 

			neg: but it is but it would really recommend it .

			pos: but it is but it would really recommend it .

928: neg:	Makes it easier to keep up with my bluetooth when I'm not wearing it.	 

			neg: it is to come out after a month and it was able to say .

			pos: it is to take them into two years , it was able to me .

929: neg:	As I said above....PRETTY USELESS!	 

			neg: as there were this is .

			pos: as there were this is .

930: neg:	Never got it!!!!!	 

			neg: my i needed the cable . . . . . . . just got this unit but just i didn .

			pos: my i needed the cable .

931: neg:	This pair of headphones is the worst that I have ever had sound-wise.	 

			neg: had a highly recommend the first piece that only have had another complaint .

			pos: had a highly recommend the first little that i would have used this would .

932: neg:	[...] down the drain because of a weak snap!	 

			neg: sometimes the way as that the a good amount .

			pos: sometimes the way as that the a good amount .

933: neg:	Does not charge the Cingular (ATT) 8525 phone.	 

			neg: ended up this cover out first problems life .

			pos: keep this is the two times , num_num .

934: pos:	You get extra minutes so that you can carry out the call and not get cut off."	 

			neg: the num_num to work to use , they should not hold the back to charge .

			pos: the num_num to work to use , they should not hold the back to charge .

935: neg:	However, after about a year, the fliptop started to get loose and wobbly and eventually my screen went black and I couldn't receive and place calls.	 

			neg: after num_num of times with a bit of these to protect the num_num months and and it was a few minutes at the phone .

			pos: after num_num of times with a bit of these to protect the num_num months and and it was a very well in num_num times .

936: neg:	I kept catching the cable on the seat and I had to pull the phone out to turn it on an off.	 

			neg: needed a battery had a bit of this and came out of it from a lot of it to charge to fit .

			pos: needed the cable and the game took a few times to have easy to charge , not to charge to fit .

937: pos:	The headset fulfills my requirements so I am happy with my purchase.	 

			neg: needed this case and will now use and i used the iphone .

			pos: needed this case and will now use and i used the iphone .

938: pos:	Logitech Bluetooth Headset is a 10!.	 

			neg: and it really was in quality .

			pos: and it really was in quality .

939: pos:	I like the fact that it rests lightly against your ear, rather than inside.	 

			neg: like is the reason as it s to be a lot of more like etc .

			pos: don t bought in this , so it seems a lot of things , etc .

940: pos:	A lot of websites have been rating this a very good phone and so do I.	 

			neg: needless to taste the review have had a few months its great and they re .

			pos: needless to taste the review have had a few months all works great with them .

941: pos:	I have tried these cables with my computer and my iPod and it works just fine.	 

			neg: not i tried to purchase them , and it was over num_num months it is well .

			pos: not i tried to purchase them and it is as my iphone num_num minutes .

942: neg:	The mic there is a joke, and the volume is quite low.	 

			neg: there is able to other a screen , it is great into .

			pos: there is able to other a screen device and takes a very .

943: neg:	I'm returning them.	 

			neg: my many not wish just .

			pos: my many people just one . . . . . .

944: neg:	I does not maintain a connection with the computer while it is on my lap.	 

			neg: not was a lot of iphone and fit it with my skin in my opinion .

			pos: not was a lot of iphone up on my hands with the phone when the time .

945: pos:	It is easy to turn on and off when you are in the car and the volume controls are quite accessable.	 

			neg: looked nice , easier to put it and off , it doesn t be fine , but not very difficult to be .

			pos: looked nice , easier to put it and off , it doesn t be a great deal and do not be fine .

946: pos:	I have had mine for about a year and this Christmas I bought some for the rest of the family.	 

			neg: didn t ve used this for num_num times , but i needed a month of getting an hour of .

			pos: didn t ve used this for num_num times and i had a few problems with a little one on .

947: pos:	Otherwise, easy to install and use, clear sound.	 

			neg: needed a hard skin and broke a really like .

			pos: needed a large skin and did hold a reason .

948: pos:	nice leather.	 

			neg: fine , not not just as can but didn t can but just just you feel .

			pos: fine , not not just as can but didn t can but just just you feel .

949: neg:	I had to purchase a different case.	 

			neg: decided to go several a different sizes .

			pos: decided to go several a different sizes .

950: pos:	It is a joy to use.	 

			neg: and the different cord like out .

			pos: and the really machine to use way .

951: neg:	Very much disappointed with this company.	 

			neg: and i do to find this worked .

			pos: and i do to find this worked .

952: pos:	Very satisifed with that.	 

			neg: as with some price .

			pos: as with some price .

953: neg:	It didn't charge for me.	 

			neg: and it just had since .

			pos: and it will bought for the headset .

954: pos:	This is the phone to get for 2005.... I just bought my S710a and all I can say is WOW!	 

			neg: is it is a bit if it for just use and this is not a few people who m not .

			pos: is it is a bit if it to replace num_num months ago , but not really that is a charm .

955: neg:	Buttons are too small.	 

			neg: and they really is . . too .

			pos: and they really is . . too .

956: pos:	Just reading on the specs alone makes you say WOW.	 

			neg: recently like it has two of all of problems ! .

			pos: gave this , it makes this num_num of their kitchen .

957: pos:	Love it.. Great armband.	 

			neg: as there were just .

			pos: as there were just .

958: pos:	I really like this product over the Motorola because it is allot clearer on the ear piece and the mic.	 

			neg: ended up because you have a case i didn t work like it and didn t be a lot of time .

			pos: not so like the second one , i didn t work when it is a lot of num_num times .

959: neg:	However, the keypads are so tinny that I sometimes reach the wrong buttons.	 

			neg: the dog made over products and they re not a few times .

			pos: the other sizes to iphone products and it s pretty like one .

960: pos:	I exchanged the sony ericson z500a for this and I'm pretty happy with that decision.	 

			neg: sent this great of it and only for a few things with num_num months .

			pos: already has some years of it was so in num_num of them and we have too .

961: pos:	I was very impressed with the price of the cases.	 

			neg: mine is heavy when she can t believe it a .

			pos: mine is heavy when she can t believe it a .

962: pos:	Also makes it easier to hold on to.	 

			neg: not use of a look to like two .

			pos: not use of a look to like two .

963: pos:	I use this product in a motor control center where there is a lot of high voltage humming from the equipment, and it works great!	 

			neg: sometimes when this product is the side , and can t make a different end up , and it s a great one .

			pos: then this product , in the case is supposed to the taste of a great choice . . . . . . and had a bit of num_extend

964: pos:	It's pretty easy.	 

			neg: , then the really wanted . . just .

			pos: , then the really wanted .

965: neg:	I cannot make calls at certain places.	 

			neg: really like the very much about a num_extend .

			pos: really like the very much about a num_extend .

966: neg:	however, my girl was complain that some time the phone doesn't wake up like normal phone does.	 

			neg: my favorite pans , it was really it in all times and it is quite a replacement .

			pos: my own one , iphone is it s a bit of time and it is just perfectly .

967: pos:	Beautiful styling though.	 

			neg: my skin you just ok .

			pos: my skin you just ok .

968: neg:	This company charge me a restocking fee and still not given me my refund back.	 

			neg: perhaps it worked on the other and the num_extend num_num stars . . . but not my old .

			pos: perhaps it worked on the other and the num_extend num_num stars . . . but not my old .

969: neg:	I'm trying to return it for a refund.	 

			neg: perhaps with a try using it a gift .

			pos: perhaps with a try using it a gift .

970: neg:	I plugged it in only to find out not a darn thing worked.	 

			neg: sometimes have a week on they don t be able to read the old .

			pos: sometimes have a week on they re not a lot of one .

971: pos:	Excellent product.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

972: neg:	Earbud piece breaks easily.	 

			neg: fine i really can love you .

			pos: fine if not really liked .

973: neg:	Lousy product.	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

974: neg:	This phone tries very hard to do everything but fails at it's very ability to be a phone.	 

			neg: all i m very difficult to use your iphone num_num bucks and they may be a bit .

			pos: all i m easy to keep water , so i won t work at a great set up .

975: pos:	It is the best charger I have seen on the market yet.	 

			neg: usually don t received almost it only of this with the fact .

			pos: usually don t received almost it only of this with the reviews .

976: pos:	SWEETEST PHONE!!!	 

			neg: my though you may just bought . .

			pos: my though you may just bought . .

977: pos:	:-)Oh, the charger seems to work fine.	 

			neg: the bluetooth doesn t look at first issues .

			pos: the bluetooth doesn t look long one are .

978: pos:	It fits so securely that the ear hook does not even need to be used and the sound is better directed through your ear canal.	 

			neg: sometimes the knife works and it is not to come out , but it is not too much easier to the screen protector .

			pos: holds and i m not and it really doesn t look and it s to be great , they are not a lot better .

979: neg:	Not enough volume.	 

			neg: as much not just as you but you but can last cover but can but but . just . . . .

			pos: as much not just as you but you but can last cover but can just but .

980: neg:	Echo Problem....Very unsatisfactory	 

			neg: my many not just wish .

			pos: my many not just wish .

981: neg:	you could only take 2 videos at a time and the quality was very poor.	 

			neg: doesn t have more at the num_num hours , but the phone is great .

			pos: doesn t have more at the num_num hours , but the phone is great .

982: neg:	don't waste your money.	 

			neg: fine if some is you .

			pos: fine if some sound like .

983: neg:	I am going to have to be the first to negatively review this product.	 

			neg: people and they are on the lot of and had the same reviews .

			pos: haven t that works to get it a small one of it had one .

984: neg:	Adapter does not provide enough charging current.	 

			neg: not was in no more charger is .

			pos: not was able to clean two reviews .

985: neg:	There was so much hype over this phone that I assumed it was the best, my mistake.	 

			neg: otherwise i m so well on the samsung galaxy s item and it doesn t believe the phone .

			pos: otherwise i m so well on the samsung galaxy s item and it doesn t believe the phone .

986: neg:	You also cannot take pictures with it in the case because the lense is covered.	 

			neg: was not easy to do not use this in the product and the price .

			pos: was not easy to do not use this in the product and the price .

987: neg:	Phone falls out easily.	 

			neg: , then will be .

			pos: my own some not work .

988: neg:	It didn't work, people can not hear me when I talk.	 

			neg: perhaps it is more have not a num_num with the price .

			pos: perhaps it is much not the cost num_num in it now , .

989: neg:	The text messaging feature is really tricky to use.	 

			neg: usually you are one a good look like really .

			pos: usually you are one a good look like really .

990: neg:	I'm really disappointed all I have now is a charger that doesn't work.	 

			neg: there is num_num of these times and the other reviewers was has made .

			pos: there is num_num of these and the battery s good thing , but needed .

991: neg:	Painful on the ear.	 

			neg: when the probably didn t .

			pos: as you will just this .

992: neg:	Lasted one day and then blew up.	 

			neg: gave it also for num_num weeks up .

			pos: gave it also for num_num weeks up .

993: neg:	disappointed.	 

			neg: what its an than not but did .

			pos: what its an than not but not when . just if but the cord . but not didn t like but you just this but the just but you life .

994: neg:	Kind of flops around.	 

			neg: , but will just like .

			pos: as you really this is .

995: neg:	The screen does get smudged easily because it touches your ear and face.	 

			neg: num_extend of the screen protector it , though it has too easy for either .

			pos: num_extend of the screen protector it , though it has too easy for either .

996: neg:	What a piece of junk.. I lose more calls on this phone.	 

			neg: might be a top had no issues , at the same price .

			pos: might be a top had no issues , at the same price .

997: neg:	Item Does Not Match Picture.	 

			neg: and it really purchased all .

			pos: and it really purchased all .

998: neg:	The only thing that disappoint me is the infra red port (irda).	 

			neg: although it s only can opener and it makes the num_extend cable .

			pos: although it s only can opener works in the screen protectors of battery .

999: neg:	You can not answer calls with the unit, never worked once!	 

			neg: probably can t work on all them it didn t work two .
			pos: rather have great with the screen that it will just num_num times .

